229	adjudicated	NTB	Throw away account.  I wanted to write this here because I really wanted to know if I have done something wrong, even though my boyfriend and friends are telling me otherwise.  I didn't have good relationship with my family, I am the youngest child (26 years old, female). I wanted to leave my home for a long time. I managed in the end to find a job in the current country that I live and left my family house. My relationship with my parents and sisters was extremely weird and emotionally abusive, I stopped talking with one of my sister’s (sister A) years before leaving the country and then stop talking with the other one (sister B) because she broke my trust.  Before my mom passed away, I was talking with my parents by phone call or text. We didn’t talk regularly because I wanted to keep a safe distance since so many horrible things happened between us. At some point I needed to go to the doctor and after a day or two that I felt better I send a message to my mom of how things went. Then I saw that my mom was calling me a lot of times and I saw that through the phone of my mom my sister B told me it was her and she send me a message that my mom died. She told me to pick up the phone and when I did, she was screaming at me telling me that I am the reason that my mom died that from my selfish ways she died and I hope you are now happy that you won’t ever see her again. Then she closed the call and send me a picture of my mom and after this I called my dad and he told me that she died after a shower from a sudden heart attack.  After that, we decided to go back to my country for the funeral, which was the second day. Funeral day came and because I didn’t want my last memory of my momto be her in the coffin and plus if I saw my sister, I was worried that a bigger fight would have happen. I told to my dad that I wanted to come after the funeral and say my goodbyes then. He told me “What the people are going to say about you not coming?? What, aren’t you going to see your mom? It’s hard for me too but I will do it. Don’t you care about what the people are going to say about it?” even though I explain to him again that I will go to the funeral and I just didn’t want to see my mom like that. He gave his phone to my sister B and my sister was talking to me out of nowhere very sweet and pretentious as always even though she told me all this stuff two days ago. We decided for me to not be very closed to my mom’s coffin so I wouldn’t be able to see her.  We went and obviously I saw her, we went to the church and I have never felt so afraid in my whole life and alone. Thankfully my boyfriend was with me to keep me company. I was feeling like nobody wanted me there and as well my boyfriend who has done nothing, he didn’t even know them. The people that knew my family didn’t even came to me not even the kids of my sister’s or the husbands to say their condolence.   To be continue..
93	adjudicated	NBH	I was explaining a stressful situation that was upsetting me to my boyfriend over text. He was in a discord call playing games with his friends. I'm familiar with the game he was playing, and it's more of a laid back type where he doesn't need to constantly be locked into it. He initially quickly responded to me while I was explaining the situation with a few words. "that's terrible, u should speak up about it etc." However I wasn't done even explaining the situation, and he didn't respond until a few hours later when he was done playing.   Usually I'm chill when he doesn't text when he's playing with his friends. But I got upset that he knew I was in a stressful situation and wanted to talk to him about it, but he left me halfway. So am I overreacting?
168	adjudicated	NTB	  This is a lil different then what is on this subreddit but please bear with me  So me (17)f had been dating my ex bf(17)m for about 4 months, recently, he’s been kind of cold, and I asked him if he was losing feelings, and he finally confessed that he that he had, but it was because of his mental health issues, he has bipolar disorder. I was obviously heartbroken, because I had given him as much as I could but I respected his decision. See my boyfriend is a cosplayer, a small call of duty cosplayer with less than 1000 followers on TikTok and I checked it out on my main account on TikTok, and it said that this user does not exist which is strange because he was really confident in the account so I made a throwaway and I looked up his username for that account and turns out he had blocked my main acc and has been posting on his cosplay acc and flirting in the comment section with girls, and not lightly either, such as calling other girls hot and even making suggestive remarks in his comment section. he is also lying about his age saying he is 18 when he doesn’t turn 18 for another month and a half it has been two days since we broke up and he’s already doing this. I know I sound crazy but I’m really really disappointed and pissed because I gave this man everything I had not to mention he broke up with me a day after I told him, I was having self bye bye thoughts I was having these thoughts because the day before I told him that it was my ex best friends self bye bye anniversary I feel really betrayed. Is he in the wrong?  Update: I found out he was cheating on me with two other girls while we were together💀
20	adjudicated	INFO	I had a depressed basement-dwelling loser of a friend who was venting too often. During the two weeks after we spent an evening together, I ghosted him. I was waiting for january 1st to answer to his ‘happy new year’ message by telling him I want to cut ties, because he’s exhausting, and I’m also afraid he might hurt my reputation.   He snapped at the ‘reputation’ part and spammed me with questions for hours. I didn’t answer any of his questions, I just told him he was harassing me and blocked him everywhere.  He posted an instagram story where he ranted about this (without naming me). His drama queen reaction made my brother (who was a friend of his) decide to cut ties with him too. My ex-friend said ‘my life fucking sucks, I’m incapable of having any friends’.  A month later we met at someone’s birthday party and he offered me a thing I had told him I wanted when we were still friends. On the thing was a note stating ‘thanks for everything, it was nice while it lasted’.   I don’t know how he was expecting me to react to this, but days later he liked one of my instagram posts and I told him that I asked him not to contact me again, and I blocked him there too.  Weeks later, a mutual friend sent me a screenshot of a DM conversation he had with my ex-friend. The conversation went like this :  &gt; Mutual friend : wanna go for a drink ?  &gt; ex-friend : sure !  &gt; mutual friend : woop, nvm my boss wants me to work today, sorry.  &gt; ex-friend : yeah rite, you’re going to have a drink with our mutual acquaintance right ? No need to lie to me. Tell him it’s not cool to talk shit behind my back  Days later, another mutual friend of ours masked their instagram story because they launched an open invite to their birthday and they didn’t want my ex-friend to be there, to preserve my mental health. But my ex-friend noticed, and got mad.  I noticed that my ex friend kept on following my sister on instagram and commenting on her posts (she’s a famous influencer) and it creeped me out.  Later, a mutual saudi friend that I used to talk shit on went to our country for a day, and organized a party for the occasion. He asked me if I was ok with my ex-friend being there. I told him I wasn’t : it’s him or me. So the ex-friend got mad and spilled the beans on the fact that I talked shit on the saudi guy.  I sent a letter to my ex-friend asking him to stop. Our mutual friends didn’t forgive him spilling the beans and they cut ties with him in favor of me.  I think he developed a huge grudge because it’s been a year now that he’s been creating a plenty of alt instagram accounts to keep on spying on my instagram story.   He doesn’t message me nor like any post but I don’t want him to see what I’m up to. I’ve been blocking his accounts one by one and he keeps creating new ones. When he gave money to my kickstarter twice, that was the last straw so i’m considering filing a complaint to the police.
243	adjudicated	NTB	I went out for a drink with my girlfriend and a friend of mine last night. My friend was talking about how he hasn't been getting many matches on dating apps so my girlfriend asked him to show us his profile and she would give him some tips on what girls might look for and how to improve his profile.   While we did that he swiped on a few people and we noticed the girlfriend of a friend of mine was on the app. There were recent photos so it's not an old account. I asked him to screenshot the profile and send it to me since I thought my friend deserved to know. He did that and then swiped on her and he matched.   My girlfriend said we should stay out of it but I just said that if she was on tinder then I'd want someone to let me know and I can't just hide this from my friend. I sent him the screenshots and my girlfriend said I was interfering in something that was none of my business but I just repeated I couldn't hide the fact my friends girlfriend is cheating on him or at least trying to cheat  She just said that I'm causing drama for no reason but I just pointed out she'd likely want to know if it was me on the apps and that it's the right thing to do.  AITA for sending the screenshots to my friend?
268	adjudicated	NTB	I want to form a nonprofit organization that’s only for lesbians, gays, bisexuals and asexuals. It’s called lgba. The safe spaces in this organization also excludes straight people of any type, so it wouldn’t matter if they’re intersex, perisex, cisgender or trans. It also excludes heteroromantic asexuals. The purpose of this is to form an alliance between people who aren’t straight at all. It’s only to advocate for orientations that aren’t straight. The organization doesn’t exclude intersex and trans people who aren’t straight. This nonprofit only provides support, advocacy and fundraising for the best interests of lesbians, gays, bisexuals and asexuals. It’s not focused on trans and intersex rights. It’s only focused on the rights and interests of those who aren’t straight at all.   Would I be the buttface if I create this type of nonprofit? Would I really be the buttface for excluding cis straight people, straight trans people, straight intersex people, and heteroromantic asexuals from the organization?
487	adjudicated	NTB	  I’m a young adult diagnosed with BPD and anxiety. To the point I couldn’t leave the house without the help of a family member for months. I finally started therapy a few weeks ago. And I started actually going to the gym alone a few times a week now.   I was telling my mum how I go and stuff and today I saw a old classmate of mine. We never talked in school. I told my mum that I saw her and she asked the normal mum questions “did she talk to you”? I shrugged it off and said no because we never talked in school either. “Did she recognise you”? I said yes maybe. Then she asks me did she come alone? This immediately triggered me and I angrily ask her you do know it’s taking me everything to do things without your or anyone else’s help. She responds “it’s not a big deal everyone does things alone”. I hate that she assumes everyone brings a mate along to the gym when even I know that most people come alone. Her explanation was “she’s from….” They always bring people with them. Which was a lousy stereotype anyway, implying they are a large community. She should be normalising people coming alone in my opinion.  This especially shook me because I didn’t overreact or overthink in my own head about seeing this girl today and was actually feeling content with my feelings until she asked that question. My mum is otherwise quite helpful she accompanies me to my therapy appointments even if she has jobs.
232	adjudicated	NTB	I  have been with my partner for 3 and a half years. I have started noticing a lot  of the effort and nice gestures seems to come from my side. This came to  a head last week. My girlfriend graduated from university so to  celebrate we went out for a meal. I had already brought her a little  gift to celebrate but I also paid for the meal and drinks.  I  then finished my professional exams last week and mentioned going out  for food to celebrate. We got to the restaurant and when we were looking  at the menu my girlfriend asked if I was paying. I mentioned that I  thought she might have wanted to pay as a treat for me for finishing my  exams but if not then we can split 50/50.  She  said since it was my suggestion to go out then I should be paying. This  upset me slightly since I had gone out of my way to celebrate her  graduating and she did nothing for me. Later that night I mentioned to  her that things seem very one sided and that I can't think of the last  time she did something nice for me or treated me etc and that it always  seems like me doing things for her.  She  said I was wrong but couldn't actually give any examples. She said I  was starting an argument for nothing and that I'm making her out to be a  bad guy for no reason.  I just  pointed out that in relationships it's nice to do something for the  other person but she doesn't seem to do that. She accused me of guilt  tripping and manipulating her to make her feel bad which I disagreed  with. She said I was being completely unfair and unreasonable.  AITA for wanting things to be more reciprocal?
136	adjudicated	NTB	   hi sorry about my bad grammar at times im kinda high func autistic and suck with making sentences that make sense at times... also sorry if the sentences dont make sense at times i try to put my feelings into words the best i can... so i was curious about if me 19 year old M was the asshole because i cannot tell and one of my friends thinks my dad is just trying to reconcile for his mistakes.  so the story starts off last Sunday during superbowl. my dad has had a history of abusing weed and alcohol a lot and he has gotten blackout drunk on several occasions my mom and brother were currently out of the house and it was just me and him for the time being. i woke up to a call and text from both my mom and brother telling me to ignore my father and do not interact with him due to him being drunk out of his mind. my dad normally takes out his rage on my mom for stupid reasons and since she wasnt there today he decided to take it out on me. I went out into my front room trying to see what i could have to drink from my fridge due to me just waking up at the time and my throat was dry my dad was talking to himself (he has a tendancy to do that when he was drunk) i dont remember what i said exactly but all i remember was that he got hella pissed off at me and started trying to scream at me on how im a disrespectful child and that i dont pay any bills in the house. i try to argue my reasons behind it but hes so drunk i can smell the alcohol on his breath so i kinda gave up trying to talk to him. we had a few back and forths but he tried getting into my face many times and even put his hands on my arms a few times. i was texting my mom all this and she wanted me to get my things together and get ready to leave the house. i didnt wanna leave the house since i felt safe in my room and he couldnt get in and i could just lock my door... yeah turns out he had a key to my room and busted in to yell at me even more. i stole his keys away from him so i can be safe in my room while i packed my things and waited for my mom but he got pissed that i took his keys and started pound on my door to the point where i could see my door go outside of the door frame for just a split second while him yelling on the other side. my friends in a voice call also heard him yelling at me and they even agreed that he was physically abusive and manipulative. my mom and i had to call the cops so i could leave and we could get our stuff safely without him doing anything to us. a bit later we had gotten our stuff in a friends car and was off to my moms friends house for almost a week while he cooled off. when my mom and i arrived at my moms friends house our dad was not happy we left spamming my mom constantly saying that they were done and he was gonna drink nonstop till he dropped himself. my mom was worried about him still despite all that and sent some more cops over for a few wellness checks just to make sure he was alright. story continues in comments.
301	adjudicated	YTB	I seem to get a lot of strangers who like to make comparisons to me with celebrities. Working in retail, this happens even more than I'd be happy to admit...  But I've always felt extremely uncomfortable and funny over it. I'm sure it's just and eccentric affectation of my own... But I consider myself as me. I don't consider myself to be comparable to anyone.  They are them, and I am me. Only I can be me... And only they can be them.  So when people randomly compare me to a celebrity (I squirm a little inside). I presume people are trying to be flattering but it just does the opposite.  I get told I look like a model a lot (and that's okay) because it's kind of vague and general and leaves something to the imagination while still allowing me to retain my own sense of identity. And is more a compliment than a direct comparison to someone else. But I've also been told I look like *''that guy from Vampire Diaries''* and *''the guy from The Witcher.''*  This morning I was serving this lady, and I could feel her eyes pressed on me while I packaged her items before she finally interjected with *''Has anyone ever told you before that you look like a movie star?...''*  At first, I found it flattering as I thought she meant it in the generic sense, as in, she thought I was attractive enough to be an actor. But then she continued that I looked like some movie star (but that she couldn't remember his name).  I kind of wrote it off. But then later in the day, a co-worker of mine started his shift, and I think he was trying to be complimentary. Because we were talking about Lord of the Rings and then that segued into Ant-Man and from there onto Paul Rudd. And he goes *''Paul Rudd is so dreamy, those eyes are of his are so dreamy. Kind of like yours! You kind of look like Paul Rudd. Has anyone ever told you that?!?!''*  And I get he was being nice. But it just kind of pissed me off. I don't think I look like Paul Rudd at all. And I'm getting tired of being constantly compared to people.  Now I feel kind of depressed because my brain is like *''what if the lady from earlier in the day was thinking of Paul Rudd as well?!?''*  AITBF?
435	adjudicated	YTB	Me (18M) and a couple of friends (18-19M) were hanging out at a friends house playing Mario Wonder. Let's call this friend Mario. We were told that his mom was home so we couldn't say anything too crazy but we could say slurs and cuss and stuff. We all said our fair share of swear words; the slurs were mostly done by Mario. I do not condone the F-slur; I used to say it in like middle school, but I don't use it and I don't think it's a word that should be said. The F-slur was said I'm 95% sure (I could be thinking about an instance earlier today where another friend said it ), and the words gypsy and retard were used, both by Mario and I think retard/retarded and the word goombah (not goomba) once by me. All of this was when Mario's mom was working right behind the couch unbothered. All of my friends were sitting on the couch and I was sitting on a chair right next to the couch. Behind the couch was the mom's bedroom through a large doorway. I could only see half of the bed from where I was sitting.   Eventually, Mario's mom left when I wasn't looking, and when I saw she wasn't behind the couch anymore I assumed she was downstairs because I thought heard footsteps coming from down there. I don't remember all of the things I said but it was pretty much kept PG-13 other than a couple of cuss words. I think I said something about someone riding something at some point, another thing something along the lines of "Do you think Bowser has a spiky member?" and then later on I mentioned some Piranha Plant clouds looking like anal beads. Then another friend, we'll call him Toadette, said something like "Is it weird for me to want to watch my wife cheat on me", obviously to be funny, and both Mario and another friend we'll call Luigi were kind of quiet and telling us to shut up when we said these things. The final friend, Yellow Toad, was appropriate the whole time pretty much, but me, him and Toadette were all pretty loud. When we got up to leave I saw Mario's mom was sitting on the half of the bed that I couldn't see from my chair.  Now we come to the dilemma. All of us left Mario's house, Toadette and I were downstairs first with Luigi and Yellow Toad soon to follow. As we were all walking back to our cars, Luigi said Mario doesn't want me in his house anymore. I told him I didn't notice Mario's mom and he said it doesn't matter. Then I asked why would we be able to use slurs but not make PG-13 ass sexual comments. I also told him that we're adults, and dudes will be dudes. I apologized to Mario over text (because we were halfway to our cars which were already parked like 5 minutes away) soon after but he never responded. So now I know he's really pissed off at me but part of me thinks it isn't a big deal, because if he can say the F-slur around his mom why can't I talk about Bowser having spikes on his penis?
185	adjudicated	NTB	 Throwaway blah blah posted on AITA but got taken down for some bullshit  So I am a student (20F) who lives in a house with a few other people, which is where this stems from.  I'm a good cook! I would say it's my main hobby, and when I'm at home or my house is hosting dinners, I am the one who takes care of everything. People enjoy my cooking and that's where I find the most joy.  Because I am known as a good cook, when I moved in my friends sought my advice sometimes. What spices to use, how long things needed in the oven, what they could make with their ingredients, etc. I think the problem is that I got used to being sought out for cooking advice, because now I maybe tend to give it where it's not wanted.  It's never anything crazy, I never do it when being cooked for, or when my roommates are cooking for other people. But, if I come down to the kitchen for water, I might ask what someone is making, and then sometimes say "can I make a suggestion?" and tell them an additional thing they should add. Generally, it's chill and they say thanks and tell me later that I levelled up their meal.  Now, I think if I were to say I don't do it to show off that would be a bit disingenuous - I definitely enjoy being told I'm a good cook. Still, it is not my place to judge or attempt to control what other people cook and eat, and I am cognizant of this. I do not think I know better or am better than these people because I enjoy cooking.  The incident itself is small, but it has me reconsidering things and honestly freaking out a bit. Yesterday I came down to the kitchen and three of my housemates were hanging out, with one of them, Chris, cooking his dinner. I asked him what he was making, and but before he could respond, another housemate said "Here comes Ramsay!" they laughed, and I laughed with them, because I thought it was light-hearted. When it was followed up by the other with "Don't tell her Chris, she'll just flex", with a different tone, I realised that this was maybe actually something that has been annoying them.  I politely excused myself and waited until they had left for a night out before going and making my own dinner, because I was honestly too embarrassed to talk to them again. I thought I was being helpful, but maybe I was being annoying, controlling or arrogant? Or were they joking? How would you lot feel about it? AITB??
72	adjudicated	NTB	Context: I have been making music for fun for 5+ years and have always had the goal of eventually making a living from it. I talk to various producers that are still fairly underground, there’s one that I talk to occasionally through text message and I have bought beats from him before.   I showed my very close friend one of his beats as we were riding in the car one night talking about music and our goals with it. Fast forward to today we are messing around recording (on my studio equipment, he doesn’t have any of his own) and he has headphones on so I can only somewhat make out what he’s hearing. He pulls up a beat (the beat I had played for him once) and starts recording on it, He asked me to mix it because I have a lot more experience with it and I did, but then I started thinking about how I had showed him this beat and had plans of using it for myself for my own music.   AITA for not letting him use it for himself? I am willing to maybe put him on the song as a feature and release it for myself but I dont think I can sleep happily knowing my friend is benefiting off of my ideas that he knows have been in the works for years. We do have other songs together but he has released all of them and I still haven’t gotten any. This one is special to me and my personal artistic style that I have been developing, and he would not know this beat even existed if it wasn’t for me showing him so thats why I’m very torn about it.  Should probably be mentioned that this is a friend I do share similar goals with and would of course like to maintain a working relationship with when it comes to music. And the song he recorded is still very incomplete. I just don’t know how to word it if I do decide to not let him release it. Any input is appreciated.  Edit: I do not exclusively own the beat (yet at least), but I am the only one with contact to the producer, my friend was previously completely unaware of the producer and is still unaware of who exactly he is or where to find any similar beats because it is a very particular sound. (a sound that he knows I am trying to make a career off of)
267	adjudicated	JB	I have been with my girlfriend for just under 3 years. She has had 2 previous relationships that both ended when they cheated on her. Her first boyfriend she has not spoken to in 6 years and the other one she hasn't spoken to in 4 years.  Her first boyfriend recently messaged asking how she has bene and just wanting to catch up. She told me about it and told me she was planning on replying. I told her I didn't see why she'd want to bother talking to him when he's not in her life anymore but just said I can't stop her talking to him.  She told me a couple more times when he messaged but I believe they have been messaging slightly more than that. She mentioned today that he suggested them going for a drink with a few other friends and catching up. I told her I wasn't comfortable with her going and she asked why. I just told her it's disrespectful to be out drinking with your ex. She said she just wants to catch up with him and the other friends but I just repeated that I wasn't comfortable with her going.  I said if she chooses to go then that will be it with us since I'm no going to just sit back while she's out drinking with her ex boyfriend. She said I was being controlling but I just pointed out I was only tell her what I am comfortable with and what I'm not comfortable with.  She said I shouldn't be telling her not to go and should be fine with her going.  AITB for telling my girlfriend I don't want her going for drinks with her ex boyfriend?
458	adjudicated	NTB	My uncle Hosts a family Christmas family gathering every year and every year I go its always people I don't know anyone there and its always too much for me to handle. I get  overwhelmed easily, so loud family events are not my thing. When i go people just pick on me for anything, Like how im, Too fat, or i should just control my emotions, Im faking having Autism and im only doing it for attention, ect. My uncle also pushes my boundaries way to much like hugging after I said no, and forcing me to do things i don't want to do. And this year i had enough. So when he asked me if i was coming this year i lied and said i had plans with my girlfriend and i could not make it. Now everyone is mad at me.
497	adjudicated	INFO	She is out of town and hour away visiting her other daughter and grandkids she's been gone over two months she asked last night if I would come pick her up to come home(she lives with us) I said yes because of course I'm not going to to say no and make her pay an Uber after all she has done for me.   However it's 430in the afternoon, she still has not mentioned what time I'm coming to get her today, last we talked she said to call her at 630 since she was waiting for her daughter to get home from work.   So I wouldn't be going till at least 7 assuming she is ready when I call her.   If she isn't I have a STRICT sleep schedule, I try to be in bed by 11-1130. Any later an I sleep like shit and feel like shit the next day. It takes me a while to wind down and relax enough to sleep. I need around 2 hours of wind down time before bed.    If I leave at 7 I'll be back home around 9-930 which would give me just enough time to do my bed routine.   Would I be the buttface here if I tell her at 630 when I talk to her that if I don't leave by 730 to get her she will need to find another way home or wait till tomorrow, and that if she wants to come home tomorrow it needs to be in the afternoon or morning.
422	adjudicated	EAB	This happened a while back, when I was just 13 (I'm 14 now). Our relationship was full of annoying bickering at the time, so this is basically the straw that broke the camel's back. Here's what happened:  Me (M13) and my brother, whom we'll be referring to as John, were chilling in the kitchen when he suddenly got an idea. This very idea resulted in him daring me to chuck a pickle at my OTHER brother (M16) we'll be naming Jack who was playing the PC which so happened to be right by the kitchen, which is where I'm typing from right now.  With further VERY brief consideration, I reluctantly threw the pickle, and it landed right on Jack's neck. Naturally, I booked it to the upstairs bathroom and so did John. We hid in there for about 20 seconds. but I could've NEVER expected that Jack would come through the door and CLOCK me full strength, instantly knocking me down. Neither did my even stronger brother John expected that to happen.  Fast forwarding a little bit, my dad called me upstairs about 5 minutes after that occurred and stated that I REALLY annoyed my brothers each day we spent, which I had no idea was a fact at the time. And by basically the entire family, I was renowned the butt face in that situation.  That is my unbiased explanation. Now then, I bring back the question; Am I the butt face?
402	adjudicated	NTB	I(24M) was on a blind date recently with a girl(Jane 22F) who I was introduced to by a coworker. Our date was going swell for the most part, she talked about herself and I just sat there listening and nodding my head with no clue what to say or do, she would sometimes ask questions and I would answer them to the best to my ability.   since I was the one staying quiet Jane turned it into an issue saying quiet men are criminals and it was very suspicious of me to spend 30 mins barely saying anything, I told her why I was being quiet because I was unsure what to say. she called me a liar because my co-worker said I was a loud talkative person who always makes quips, I had to explain that even my co-worker knows when I meet someone new I am shy and timid around them until some time passes when I get comfortable, apparently that concept doesn't exist to Jane because she calls me rude then goes on a whole rant about how she thinks of me as a two faced liar who puts on masks to hide my evil nature. I looked at her confused before suggesting to her to not try and psychoanalyze me. Jane get's upset and brags how she did multiple courses on psychology and believes she can read me well  The only reason I don't like to be analyzed is because of an issue that people do whenever they meet me, they assume and project negativity onto me like they turn what is considered good qualities into negative ones(for example I am normally quiet and keep to myself if it was anyone else that's a good thing but if I do it It's bad)  idk why and if by their analysis of me is proven wrong months later they become confused and accuse me of another negative thing saying I manipulated or lied to them(that doesn't make any sense I know)  Jane throws a fit calling me stubborn and childish because according to her she thinks I care what other people think about me(No I don't just trying to avoid future problems) I tried to calm her down by diverting the subject but things kept escalating where she calls my co-worker to complain about me being "toxic" on our date. she left me at the restaurant after that.   co-worker couldn't help but laugh after I told my side of the story but I am feeling kind of bad now it's eating me on the inside wondering if I did a bad thing.
38	adjudicated	NTB	 Okay, so this story is a bit drama filled and I was kind of stupid/naive and I know that, so I just wanted to go ahead and preface with that.  I (27F) got into the bdsm scene in my area about 2 years ago, when I moved here. I met a guy there who I will call Jerry (41M) who I have been on again off again sleeping with as I explore all of that. He is an experienced dom, and *he told me he was divorced and single*. He had a fairly neutral reputation as he was newer to this city, having moved here recently as well. From my understanding he had moved here after wanting to get away after his divorce and be closer to his kids—he has two grown children a few years younger than me. The age would’ve been a dealbreaker for me if I was looking for a relationship, but we got on well and he was an experienced dom, and I just wanted to explore sexually so it seemed like a good match.  I also do theater in my area. There is a large range of ages involved and I ended up making friends with a gal who I will call Sarah (24F) when we were in a show together. Spoiler alert, she turned out to be Jerry’s daughter. I didn’t even think that that might be a possibility. Sarah is married and took her husband’s last name, so I didn’t even have a last name to connect the dots with.  Well on Father’s Day, Sarah made a post about her dad and her ***stepmom***. I saw the picture and there Jerry was, with his wife (late 30sF - I’ll call her Jane)??? Apparently he divorced Sarah’s mom a few years back after *she* cheated, dated Jane online and moved to this city to be with her. I didn’t know about *any* of this.  I immediately chewed Jerry out and broke off all contact, but I didn’t tell Sarah. I’m very private and I knew if I admitted it I’d have to talk about being into BDSM and how I met Jerry, and the fact that I was sleeping with a 41 year old and how stupid I was to not realize. I sent an anonymous message to Jane but she never responded and I didn’t see anything big happen on social media or anything so I guess she just ignored me?  Well, a couple weeks ago Sarah called me to chew me out. Apparently Jane was going through Jerry’s phone because she suspected something was up, and found all his pictures of me (which I had told him to delete). She went absolutely nuclear, which I don’t blame her for, but she also showed the pictures she found to Sarah and Sarah recognized me. I tried explaining that I messaged Jane, and that I broke things off with Jerry the moment I knew, and that I was just embarrassed and hadn’t wanted to share that intimate part of my life with her, but she didn’t want to hear it. She says that when Jane didn’t respond I should’ve told her, and that I’m irredeemable for allowing Jerry to get away without consequences. I can see her side, but I honestly don’t know what to think.  Tl;dr: My casual sexual partner ended up to be my friend’s dad and was cheating on his wife. I messaged the wife but got ignored, and I left it at that without telling my friend. Eventually everything blew up. AITB?
352	adjudicated	NTB	I live with my girlfriend and a lot of the things in our kitchen (cutlery, pans, plates etc) I brought with me. One of the things I brought was an expensive knife set that was my fathers who has passed away. I have had them for years and they are still in great condition.   A problem I have been having with my gf is that she doesn't seem to treat a lot of things with respect. For example when washing up she will clean the knife and then pretty much clam in down in the cutlery part of our drying rack with the blade facing down. This has caused the end of two of the blades to become bent and damaged.   I sat down to talk with her about this and asked her to take more care with them. She said she is only washing up and hasn't damaged anything. I pointed out the damage but she said it could have came from anywhere. I just asked if she could put it blade side up or dry it when she washes it and put it away straight away.   She refused both and said there was nothing wrong with how she was doing it. I just said if she's not going to do that then she shouldn't wash them and should just leave them for me to do. She refused that and said I'm treating her like a child. I just said she was starting to act like one by not taking responsibility for the fact she's damaged something that has sentimental value for me and won't take any action to make sure it doesn't happen again.   She just repeated that she isn't going to change how she washes the dishes and I just said I'd rather she didn't use the knives at all then. She said I was being unreasonable and ridiculous but I don't see how I am.  AITB for expecting my girlfriend to treat my possessions with respect?
428	adjudicated	NTB	I (F17) got accepted in a couple of good colleges, but my choices are personally narrowed down to two. One is prestigious, but costs way more. The other I have a full ride to, excluding room and board. We are not rich, and for a while we struggled with poverty, so graduating with a bunch of debt/having my parents pay off some of my debt is a genuine concern of mine. Still, we decided to explore the prestigious school, going on a tour.  My dad knows the environment of the college better than my mom, so he took me. Now, my dad has cheated all my childhood. We all know. He has a few kids by other women. It’s shitty, and it splits our family up and overcomplicates everything, but it’s what he does. He’s also a genuine narcissist, and he really only cares about something if it makes him look good. That is why that despite the heavy debt I would graduate with, he wants me to go to the prestigious school.  When we went into the city the college is in, partially it was to meet with someone he knows that works with the school. Because my dad always has some ulterior motive, he basically briefed me to lie to the woman we were meeting with. He told me that not say that him and my mom are together, and that my brother isn’t in a group home because of his severe autism.  It became increasingly clear that he was sleeping with this woman. She was weirdly close with him, she even laid next to him on the couch. At the time, I didn’t really know what to do. I didn’t want to break my mother’s heart by telling her that he was cheating yet *again*, and I also didn’t really know what was going on until a few days later when I processed it. I’m always being used as a weapon against either parent. It is exhausting, and now I have to notify the other when one is cheating.  Now my mom and dad are fighting, and I came clean about the weirdness. That my dad painted a story that he was a single dad with only a daughter and a son, etc. Now my mom is calling me a “traitor” behind my back to my little sibling, and giving me the cold shoulder. It is so goddamn exhausting being the one caught in the crossfire. What I thought was just going to be a nice dinner with a woman while we discuss my future is now an episode of *Cheaters*. It hurts me so much that I now have to be involved with this shit, and my mom now fucking hates me because I didn’t know what to do.  I am maybe the asshole because I withheld important information to my mother. I love my mom so much, and it hurts me that I knowingly withheld information when I didn’t want to hurt anyone.  Edit: Thank you everyone for your support! It has made me feel so much better about everything, and has even influenced my college choice. Thank you. You changed my life. 💚
210	adjudicated	NTB	 I have been with my partner for 2 and a half years and for the last year and a half I've been working full time while also doing exams through work to become properly qualified. My exams finish next year and I thought I'd treat myself. Something I've wanted to do for years is go on a cruise.  My gf has always said she has no interest in this and hates the water so the idea of going on a cruise is not appealing to her so she wouldn't want to go on the trip. I decided to book one for next year so I was having a look last night at what options I have.  I mentioned to my gf what I was planning and she asked what that means for us going on holiday next year. I told her we'd still be able to go away it'll just likely to have to be a bit later than we usually go and that it would probably have to be slightly shorter than the holidays we've done for the last 2 years.  She said I wasn't being fair since I was this meant the holiday she'd be going on next year would be shorter because of my actions. I pointed out she is welcome to join me on the cruise and she said no and I mentioned she could always go away with friends or on her own if she wanted. She said she doubts her friends will go and she doesn't want to go on her own.  I just explained that I wanted to do something nice for myself for finishing my exams so thought this was the perfect time to do something I've wanted to do for years. She just accused me of not prioritising the relationship and just repeated that it wasn't fair that we're going away for a shorter time next year because I want to do the cruise.  AITB for planning to go on a cruise?
127	adjudicated	NTB	my boyfriend and i have been together for almost two years now, and its been going really great! we both have difficulties when it comes to communicating needs or wants due to how we were raised, but we have a system of taps or pats to non verbally tell the other what we want.  my boyfriend is very curious and loves to understand everything 100%, normally i find this adorable and i love to explain whatever he wants with great detail. especially because i am a massive nerd and i was neglected in my childhood so i've never been given the space to talk about my interests. i love to tell him when he's being cute because his ears turn pink and he gets all flustered. however, sometimes he asks me why he's cute. and my brain goes completely blank. i freeze up and i cant form words to explain to him *why* i think he's so cute. so i stutter and stumble over my words and usually just point out the obvious things like, “well you’re ears are pink!” or “you get so flustered when i call you cute!” and he always shrugs, and then asks for more information. i hate always having to tell him “i don't really know, i just find all those things cute.” he gets all pouty and just nods. i hate not being able to explain such a simple thing like why my boyfriend is cute, but i am completely able to explain to him how a blackhole works, or how many years it would take to get to a planet by converting lightyears back to basic years.  my boyfriend asked again today why i find him cute; and to be fair, i shut down, but i was unable to explain and he shut down and just said, “oh, okay.” and left me alone. i feel like i did something wrong even though he says i didn't. i don’t see where i messed up, all i sent him was “love, i really don’t have the words to explain why i find you so adorable. but to me, you're the most adorable person on this planet and i don’t really need to know why, i just know its true.” i thought that was super sweet, but i guess it was rude?? i don't like when i try to be sweet and he pushes me away, and never explains what i did wrong. he loves when im sweet and even when i cant explain i can usually talk my way around it and make him feel loved no matter what. he cant explain why he finds me cute half the time either, and i never get upset because i understand he just cant find words a lot. so why is it so bad when i cant?? am i the buttface for not being able to find words for things sometimes?
281	adjudicated	NTB	Whenever I sleep in the same bed as my bf he tosses and turns so much that I rarely get any more than 3 hours of sleep. I am exhausted when this happens, but power through so it doesn't show as much. He has a basement where we sleep when I go over, and his bedroom.   We trialed sleeping separately, with myself in the basement and him in his room, and I was actually able to sleep.  He knows that I cannot sleep when he is in the bed with me. He suggested a compromise of 66% separate beds, 33% the same bed in terms of sleeping arrangements. He wants to be in the same bed cause he feels it builds intimacy and promotes bonding. But even if it is only 33% of the time, that is still a lot of lost sleep.  I don't think sleep is something I should have to compromise on. So, WIBTBF if I refused his proposal of sleeping in the same bed 33% of the time?
218	adjudicated	NTB	My(23M) social circle(22-24) and I were having a get together with another social group, we drank we ate with mingled that sort of thing. one of my friend's(Carl22M) however took interest in this quiet girl(Cindy22F) who sat quiet in the corner looking like she was afraid, Carl stared a conversation with her.  Things seemed to go smoothly till Cindy started to infodump about her favorite music preference and books, she talked for 5 mins straight before apologizing and saying she has autism. Carl just told her it's okay and mentions to her that he like that about her.  everyone stared at Carl including me because we all know Carl hates and makes fun of another person(James24M) for being autistic  to his face and behind his back. James imo is just an oddball he is wild and adventurous and just does random things for the fun, cool guy once you get to know him and not so cool guy when you're an asshole to either him or anyone close to him.  All I said in a sarcastic tone to Carl was "Wow you hate James for being autistic but you're cool with her being on the spectrum I wanna see how this ends"  Cindy got curious asking us who James was and we explained to her everything, she laughs because some of the things we told her about James were things she also does and carl keeps complimenting her for them even though if it was James he would have burst a vein by now. Cindy then wanted to meet James because she wishes to have some friends just like her.   We had to break the bad news that ever since Carl had gotten upset with James for his "childish behavior" at a mall (James just left everyone to go to the arcade and this somehow pissed off Carl) James has gone no contact from everyone thinking he is a problem so it will be hard to know where he is. Cindy didn't like that and blamed carl refusing to speak with him for the rest of the night.   after they left Carl got upset with me because I was the one who mentioned James and ruining his relationship with a new girl which really makes me wonder did I do something wrong?
197	adjudicated	NTB	Alright, so I (21F) have been in an automotive class because it's one of the things that I enjoy doing and am pretty decent at as well. Well recently we got a new guy in our class let's call him Brad. Well Brad turns up and everything seems to be going fine and we seem to click a little bit as we have a few of the same interests and I really feel like we could have a great friendship going, at least for a little bit. It wasn't until the other day that things started to go sour. We were in the garage doing some hands on work with some cars and both of us were working together. Well everything that I ended up saying he wanted to second guess my opinion and try and prove me wrong in what I was talking about. Not only that though when I was proven to be wrong s couple times he acted like it was summer grand victory over me. This have me a bad inkling but I didn't really do anything about it.  I didn't really do anything until I had asked one of the other girls in my class how they felt about Brad, not leading her into anything just asking how she felt about Brad. She told me that on the few occasions she worked with him she felt that he felt that he was superior and felt like he was being misogynistic to her. After she told me this I decided to go to our instructor and told him about it to which he said he'd look into it. After a couple days Brad was no longer in the class and I can only assume that he was kicked out as he seemed to want to be in it. So AITB for getting someone kicked out of my class?
68	adjudicated	NTB	I 15m am gay and only came out to my parents a few months ago only to my parents, they told me that I'm wrong and have been brainwashed by the radical left. Tbh I expected that reaction but what I didn't expect was them telling me I had to keep it a secret and that I'm not even allowed to tell my sister, which is whatever I assumed they'd get over it and let me eventually but they still haven't. So I made a massive GC with practically all my family and outed myself to them. My parents won't talk to me now and grounded me indefinitely. I'm going to be honest I don't plan on dating until I'm an adult and I really don't care if people know or not, the only reason I did this was because I thought it was funny (it totally was). Aita
19	adjudicated	NTB	TW this post may be triggering to people who have experienced someone threatening to bring a weapon to school or someone bringing one to school. Stay safe everyone xx       New acc because people from my school know my old acc. I 14NB go to a relatively safe school except for a few threats nothing has ever happened except with this kid. He 14M has threatened to do things and has brought an empty knife shell to school before as well as make inappropriate comments to girls and show violent tendencies by choking out a sixth grader (I am in the 8th grade). On Friday I heard him in class first hour make a comment on how he was going to bring a knife to school. It worried me because I wouldn't put it past him to follow through so I made an "anonymous report" to the school. News to me the reports aren't anonymous and it turns out I was the only one who heard the coment. I was told that because no one else heard the report they couldn't do anything which I get but I was also yelled at for making a "false report" and if it happened again I would be arrested. Now I'm wondering if I am TB for reporting when he probably didn't mean it anyway so AITB.
35	adjudicated	NTB	We got the option to do a cheap wedding that would still get to be very pretty, with plenty of entertainment for guests. This allows us to invite our entire families without making such a dent in our savings.   But the venue is about four hours away from where we and most of my family lives, thats far enough away where people would likely want to book a hotel the night before.   His side has been fine since most of them are coming from all over the country so they would have needed to travel anyways, but my family has been really laying on guilt trips. My dad has been very insistent that he will go but he doesn't understand why we would want them to go that distance, and that he thinks it's unfair to him and the rest of my family.  My grandma just called to let me know she's not coming because she doesn't want to be in a car for 4 hours. I'm regretting not eloping.  My fiancee is really excited about the place and honestly so am I, but I just want to know was choosing this location an BH move?   TL;DR my wedding venue is 4 hours away, family are not happy, some can not make it, am I being a jerk for having set the venue that far?     
36	adjudicated	INFO	Greetings, been a couple days so figured I should update yall on the situation and thank you for your assistance with the matter.  Breif Summary of previous events: Broke up with my Ex, wanted to remove her from my role playing discord server, server kinda imploded, and I posted here looking for advice.  Update is as follows:  - Ex GF is gone, banned her so 0 risk of reappearance later on.  - Nobody left the server when I finally kicked the ex, even the one who said they "didn't feel connected to the server" in the second one. (I was told this by a friend in that server, I have 0 interest in that server going forward)  - I ellected to offer an olive branch to those involved in the situation purely as I wanted to get it behind us and go back to normalcy, they feel they were playing the neutral party, I feel I value the friend group more than pressing the issue.  Be aware: I may have forgiven but I have by no means forgotten, I will be watching them closely going forward.  - I was given an apology from one of the people involved with the incident, weren't a key instigator but did play a role. I care for that particular friend so was willing to forgive them as I do wish to keep them around. Again I will still be watching them but the fact they actually made an effort makes me confident I'm right in keeping them around.  - I received a sort of apology from 1 instigator but more about specific stuff than about the situation, I'm aware this particular friend is baised to the ex and somewhat of a people pleaser, I don't really have it in me to stay mad at them rn, but I am unlikely to vent to them about my problems in near future.  Many told me to ditch the friends who sided against, while I was upset I honestly agreed with them in doing so, but when it came to it I was just too exhausted to kick them out as it would have guaranteed a large breakage within my community and friend group as a whole.  I got what I wanted with the Ex being removed, the others may stay for now, the majority seem to be on my side now or neutral to the situation.  May or may not be the update yall were hoping for, but too many life events has left me rather drained, the community is returning to it's lively self slowly but surely and honestly it's all I really want at the moment.
155	adjudicated	NTB	I am in “Situationship” with this guy I’ve known for years I’ll refer to him as R. We use to hangout and hookup in Highschool. A few months ago after I had broken up with my long term boyfriend me and R reconnected.   We hangout, have sleepovers, and hookup. We have not talked about what we are but I was pretty sure it was the same situation as Highschool aka nothing serious and he didn’t want a relationship.   I slept over last night and when I woke up (valentines day) he said he had something for me and showed me a small gift. I said “you did not get that for me” partly joking I was just surprised and we have a very humorous relationship. He was immediately upset.  I tried to talk to him and hug him bc i did appreciate it but he did not want me to touch him and told me I should leave.  I left (without the gift) and later texted him my confusion and said I was grateful just surprised and want to talk to him but he has not responded.  (I want to go to his house and give him something but I am worried abt how he will respond or if that’s going over board)  AITB for being shocked that he got me a Valentine’s Day gift?
434	adjudicated	YTB	I(34M) work for a security company and today I had to work with a new officer(24M) the day was going slow so I thought it would be nice to chat with this officer. I broke the ice by asking him a few questions and he answered each, I found out he was autistic and suffering with an anger disorder I also found out he was living alone which in my country is very unusual, I asked why and he told me his entire family does not want him around anymore, so I decided to dig deeper and ask why, he told me how his grandparents were (to simplify what he said) toxic and abusive, he was having a bad day and his grandmother was pushing his buttons by constantly staring him down after she was told by his mother to leave him alone adding fuel to flame, eventually he snapped and yelled so they decided to kick him out. I asked why he was having a bad day and he told me he was beating himself up about an event involving a fast food restaurant not listening to him when he asked for something simple but they gave him a big order which took out money from his savings. also something about his family expecting him to save up all the money by himself to build a house idk about that, he also mentioned how his uncle beat him up over a dog and he fought back I told him his uncle was in the right again you should not fight your elders  after hearing his stories I deduced he was lying about all scenarios because no fast food worker would be so stubborn and he should respect his elders even though they do bad things to him. he looked at me confused and asked if nobody makes mistakes like the police or fire department or doctors, I focused on the police part telling him that officers are trained to never make mistakes and never lie. he laughed and took what I said as a joke. I accused him of being a criminal, a liar and a crazy person  after our shift I overheard my supervisor telling him that don't listen to everything everyone says in the company they sometimes talk shit which makes me think he was referring to me?
329	adjudicated	NTB	So all of this began when in june 2022 when both of us were in 10th grade, I (16M) confessed my feelings to my best friend at that time(I liked him). He is also 16M and he knew I am gay. It all started in June ending when I confessed over text and because I knew he was straight I asked if he could not contact me for few weeks so that I could get over my feelings and not ruin our friendship. And that I did by mid July I was over my feelings and felt nothing for him and everything was back to normal. But was it? It was around august ending both of us were seated in a cafe near our tution (we had a friend group and all of us used to go to a cafe near our tution before the actual tution began. But that day only the two of us were present) and he out of the blue said I like you (as in he liked me). For a second I was shocked but then things got a bit awkward and I brushed it off because I did not want to ruin our friendship. But September 6 all of our friend group had gone to a mall nearby to hangout and at the end 4 people were left and 2 of them were best friends so they seperated from us and then me and him were left. And all of a sudden he started saying that why are you acting like this and that he had already said that he liked me. To which I reply "do you even understand what you're saying" And "I request that you please go home and think about this because we are best friends". But then days passed and he said nothing and acted like nothing happened. And one day around September ending he calls me and says I was pranking you and did not like you. Honestly speaking that hurt, it hurt bad. I couldn't understand the fact that who streches out a prank this serious for a whole month. So after things between us got quite awkward and I confronted him one day with all this and all he said was I'm sorry. We did not talk to for a few months up until may 2023 (which is when I found out he was leaving the country and moving abroad). After that we were friends again and he left the country in September 2023 and we kept in touch and talked for hours on the phone. But all the time we talked all we talked about was a girl he had liked before leaving and 2 girls who had rejected him in the past and admitted their feelings just before he left. And 2 out of these 3 girls are in a relationship right now. And I kid you not when I saw he used to call me everyday just so he could get to know what these couples were doing and had they broken up. He used to say that if I wanted I could break these couples up easily. And honestly I was done with this shit. So on jan 8 2024 I texted him a whole ass paragraph about how he had hurt me and that a sorry could not undo things and that the "prank" He played was awful and that all our conversations were about these 3 girls and I could not deal with this anymore. And after writing this I blocked him instantly with our waiting for a reply. AITB for blocking him and bringing up old matters, when he thought of me as a friend?
143	adjudicated	INFO	Hi hi hi!  The people involved are me, a close friend of mine and former lover (S), and my frenemy of sorts (K) who's also a close 'friend' of my close friend.    Whenever I'd do something that K didn't like, he'd bother S about it instead of confronting me.  S would then be upset at me for trying to interact with K and having to explain why I did that, then S would ask me not to do so anymore.  However, S always told me that K did not hate me, though I never believed this.    Yesterday morning, I snapped.  I had enough.  I told S to stop being K's little servant, which resulted in him getting upset and not talking to me.  So then, I switched my focus and tried talking to K about this situation.  He wouldn't respond, so I came up with an idea and I asked a few others to go bother K, just to show him how it feels.  I asked him if he really was chill with me as S told me.  I told K to quit complaining to S, and start talking to me if he had any problems.  Then K finally responded, saying this:    "ok I'm back, I opened DMs for \[S\]'s server since I trust everyone there, I have no intent of hate towards you and I don't want to have to close them again, cut it with these unhealthy thoughts.  One more thing, I \*\*do not\*\* appreciate this behavior that you have been showing to the majority on Discord, you have made multiple people very uncomfortable with your actions and I kindly ask for this to change.    everything above was in a \*\*serious\*\* tone, I aint joking around with this"    I told him that I didn't appreciate him treating S the way that he did, and asked him to stop doing that.  I told him not to do that to S ever again, lest I continue to conspire against him.  After that, K blocked me.    S came back, telling me he didn't wanna be in love anymore, for irrelevant reasons.  I'm not that upset though, since I'm also very bad at love.  He's very compassionate, and I also make music for him, so he allowed me to continue being a friend.  Then, he said he's upset at me for conspiring, even though he also admitted that he really didn't enjoy getting all of K's complaints.  And that K is still his friend.    Also they're both diagnosed with autism.  Not trying to sound like an actual bitch, but I've seen a lot of people with the condition behave in uncanny ways.  As for me I'm diagnosed with ADD among other things.    But yeah.  I'm now confused. If S doesn't enjoy this, why wouldn't he stand up to K?  Is he scared?  Does he think it's normal for a friend to treat you like this?  And AITB or not?    So yeah, I want multiple perspectives on this issue.  Thanks for reading!
257	adjudicated	NTB	So, my ex dumped me 3 months ago. I'm heart broken, together for 3 years. He mentioned he's seeing someone else (happened a month ago) and wants to have them over when we have opposite schedules. I started seeing a rebound just to satisfy some needs and he started asking a LOT more often of what my schedule was to have her over.   On the logical side, sure fine whatever. But I'm HURT. This guy has just broken up with me after 3 years and moving states away with him. I don't want to hear about it. It hurts so much I just want it to stop. I want to act like everything is normal at home as far as my routine, and not have to think about another person's schedule in my place 3-5 times a week. He texts me in the middle of the work day even when he's at work, asking me if I'm going to be home at my normal time (I get off 2 hours later than him). I don't want to ask anything unreasonable, but asking him to be sensitive is out of the question with this human. I have only asked him one time to bring my rebound over while he was at work because his place was out of power and it was freezing out. We were out before he came home.   Today, I had to go home to grab lunch I forgot and he had her over. We have very limited parking and she was in my spot, and when I came in I never saw her but he came in asking why I was home. I explained why shortly and left quickly, trying to hide bawling my eyes out.   So, after this incident, WIBTBF if I asked him not to bring people over anymore? I move out in 3 weeks. I had a sudden realization that I have a lot of things I wouldn't want people to be stealing (I'm a budtender and have a closer full of product) and I'm moving and putting all my things up in boxes, a lot of things are exposed or packed away solidly. But also I really don't want this to happen again, and I want him to stop texting me about it. So, WIBTBF?
467	adjudicated	YTB	So in my family we have two secret Santa’s, one for the adults, and one for the kids I (F19) am in the adult secret Santa and my brother (15) saw my gift and was asking about it, I then asked him what he got for his secret Santa and he said that they didn’t have a secret Santa. They do. Every year. And names were drawn months ago giving plenty of time.  So now Christmas is tomorrow, it’s 4:30 in the afternoon in my country and next to nowhere is open and my 7 year old cousin is the only one who doesn’t have a secret Santa gift for Christmas.  My mother is now furious with him and said he doesn’t deserve gifts if he can’t give one to someone else.  My brother thinks it’s no big deal because he bought gifts for everyone else and just forgot after stressing about other gifts.   I’m honestly not sure what side to take, because he forgot and I know he didn’t have bad intentions but I think he’s in the wrong for thinking it’s not a big deal. He asked me to post here, IHTB?  Edit: I have a small business for crochet and since I know she loves my plushies I offered he buy one off me. I know that’s kind of shitty that he has to buy something that I made last minute but I thought it was better then my cousin not having a gift. My mother wasn’t having if tho and went and found some slime from the grocery store so I guess that’s better then nothing. Thanks to her for saving Christmas lol
156	adjudicated	NTB	 My  girlfriend have been together for just under 3 years now. She has had a  couple of relationships before me. Recently her ex boyfriend sarted  messaging her which she let me know. Anyway at the weekend we went for a  date night that we had planned.  We  had a table booked at a restaurant we both like and then a couple of  cocktail bars booked. The night was going really well until we were at  one of the cocktail bars and her ex walks in. He comes over to say hi to  her and then asks if we want a drink. I say that we're alright thanks  and that we're leaving after the drinks we had anyway.  He  asks again and says it's only a drink and I just repeat what I had  already said. My girlfriend says it can't hurt to have one drink with  him but I remind her it's supposed to be a date night for us, not time  to sit and have drinks with her ex boyfriend. She just says she doesn't  see the problem with 1 drink but I just say I'm leaving after the  current drink and she can either leave with me or stay and dreink with  her ex.  We leave together and she  says she doesn't want to go to the next bar and just wants to go home.  She accused me of ruining the date but I disagree and point out it was  supposed to be our date, not a date with her ex.  She  just repeated that I was wrong for not agreeing to just have one drink  with them but I just said I wasn't going to sit and be a third wheel on a  date with my girlfriend and that it was weird how much she wanted to  have a drink with him.  AITB for leaving a date early?
74	adjudicated	NTB	Hi Reddit!  I (24F) am friends with D (24M) and Ri (23M) for 5 years now. D and Ri have always been there for me, supporting and taking care of me. 6 months ago we along with our group went to a club. That night I was suppose to stay with a friend (24F) as there was some issue at my apartment. But as we all got super drunk, she went home with her bf and Ri offered me to stay at his place and I agreed. I don't remember very clearly but I do remember us making out at one point of time that night. We stopped when I realised what was happening. It was very awkward the next day and I acted as I don't remember anything. But later on I did talk to him and asked him about it. Apparently he was so drunk that he didn't even remember it. So in the end we decided that it was just a drunken mistake and move forward. Now back to the main story. I have known Z for last 2 years. He was our college junior and is in his last year of college rn (He isn’t close with Ri and D). Few months back he told me that he likes me and I decided to give it a chance. But we decided not to tell anyone until his college gets over.  This month he was visiting my city for a week. He was staying with his friends. We spend some quality time. On the last day of his stay, I threw a party and invited our friends. Everything went fine. At the end Ri and D were too drunk to drive so they stayed back.  The next day I was texting to Z and he said that he was really uncomfortable last night. I got worried so asked what made him feel so. But he wont give a clear reply. At the end I got annoyed and just said that this isn't the way to communicate and he would have to at least tell me what made him feel so for me to do anything. He got angry and said the reason should be obvious to me. My first thought was that he was uncomfortable because of Ri and I would have been understanding about it but till that point I was slightly angry due to him just beating around the bush. I tried explaining to him that there is nothing between us and we are just friends and that incident a drunken mistake. He started saying that there are other reasons as well. Though it was a major one. He had problems with D and Ri both, them taking care of me while I was drunk and obviously them staying back. But again this is nothing new. They have been protective towards me since always and even Z knew that. He even said that he doesn't like me hanging out with them. It was then that I snapped and said that they are my friends and I am not ending my friendship because he was uncomfortable with it and it was some thing that he needed to work on. At last I said that we should end things if he doesn't trust me. He asked if I wanted to break up. I said yeah I want to break up if he doesn't trust me. He got angry and blocked me.  So AITB for ending things especially after he came to visit me?  I'm asking this here because I sometime become extremely protective towards my friends. And wanted some opinions regarding this as most of my friends don't know I was dating him. Sorry for errors. English isn’t my first language.
137	adjudicated	NTB	I (16 mtf New Zealander 🇳🇿) have myself my own job that I work 8 hours, 5 days a week. My parents told me I should save some money for important things like buying a house and other stuff (which I planned on doing whenever I got a job anyway). I save around 500 dollars a week which is about half my pay so I want to spend the rest of the money on things I want sometimes (say a new game or a cool figure or something along the lines of nerdy stuff). However on a couple of occasions they’ve told me off for spending my money. Bring around to a couple of weeks ago where my family goes on a road trip and offer me to come. I decline and decide while they are gone that I’m going to buy myself a new switch oled model and use it while they are asleep so I don’t have to worry about them taking it from me (they also have restrictions around my original one they got me for Christmas and I’m not able to use it freely, a big reason I wanted to buy my own in the first place). I start using it at night and then they eventually find me using it. They take it away and tell me I won’t be receiving it back at any point in time soon. They also follow up that I won’t be getting the other one back at all. Next day comes and after I get back from work my dad has a conversation with me about how it was disrespectful to go behind his back and do that and that the trust that my mum and him had in me is now diminished and that I shouldn’t pity myself by buying this kind of stuff. One final piece of info about my parents is that they are very strict on many things and to an extent that I feel kind of trapped a lot of the time. On top of that my mother blows her lid over a lot of small things. For example when I came out to her with my dad she prevented me from sleeping in the same area as my friends (who I was never interested in in the first place) whenever they came over. Not to mention the household itself is abusive because of her constantly screaming at all of her kids 24/7 for even the slightest fuckup (even my two younger brothers who are 3 and 5months). My dad isn’t like my mother but he still condones the behaviour. But anyway AITB for what I did?
173	adjudicated	YTB	so basically a few years ago i started dating this guy named jake. we dated for a while and have been on and off ever since. well this year i started getting close with another one of his exes, emma. emma dated him before i ever did and hasn’t talked to or dated him since then. she claims i am in the wrong for still talking to him now and wanting a relationship with him. she says if i date him she will never talk to me again. i beleive i have a right to date him and it has nothing to do with her because i have been on and off with him for years and it isnt any different since they haven’t talked in years. i dont want to lose my friend but jake is the only guy ive really loved and i need him in my life aswell.
212	adjudicated	NTB	 I live with my girlfriend and we've recently moved into a new apartment. For the essentials we've both paid for things so we needed a dining room table and chairs, tv stand, sofa, bed etc so we both paid 50% each.  The problem is now my girlfriend keeps seeing things she says we need and buying them and expecting me to pay. A few examples are that she buys plants and a lot of decorative things and just says she expects me to pay her half of the cost.  I tried talking to her about it and saying that I don't appreciate my money being spent for me and that if she wants me to pay for something then we can talk about it first and agree together whether we need it or not. She went shopping last week and came back with new blinds and curtains despite nothing being wrong with the ones we have and just expected me to send her half of the money.  I said if she just keeps buying whatever she wants then she can pay for it herself. She said she's only buying things we need but I pointed out that we don't need most of the stuff she's buying and that she's only getting it because she thinks look nice.  She just repeated that I should be fine with paying since it's things for our apartment but I just tried explaining she's just buying things she likes and expecting me to fund it which is not going to happen.  AITB for refusing to pay for things my girlfriend buys for the apartment?
176	adjudicated	YTB	AITA For breaking up with my girlfriend?  So I 17 (M)have been dating my girlfriend (let’s call her Sam)17 (F) for about five months now, the past month I have been really in the dumps because of seasonal depression and I’ve also noticed that I have began losing feelings for my girlfriend. My girlfriend gives me just about everything I want even if I don’t want her to get it for me every time I have stayed in her town she has paid for my motel room and overall she’s a great woman but I just don’t see her attractive anymore. And a few days ago she texted me asking if I was losing feelings and I told her that Idk. And eventually told her I was. My girlfriend has given me a lot, such as her love, time, money, and even her virg1ty. My girlfriend has been struggling the past few weeks with suc1d@l thoughts and a few days before I broke up with her. It was her best friends anniversary of their suc1de so she’s obviously been depressed. So with her being all emotional it’s been Annoying so I decided just to cut things off with her so I didn’t have to listen to her anymore, today when we called you were talking about if we were going to be friends still or not, and while we were on call, I noticed that her arms had a fresh cűts on them, I called her out and she started crying saying it was nothing She had obviously relapsed on self h@rm she was seven months clean and when I called her out, she started crying and saying she was sorry and I told her she was crazy. I told my mother about this whole thing and she says I am an jerk, but I don’t think I am, so am I the jerk??
287	adjudicated	YTB	   I have two daughters, a 16 yo and a 13yo. The subject of this is the 16yo. She was diagnosed autistic when she was 5, but I haven't told her about it. I don't want her to label herself as she can be really capable.  When she was little I tried therapy for her motor skills but unfortunately these help hadn't improved her much.  Seeing another girl in her grade who everyone knew was autistic get excluded and treated differently by everyone else, I believe I have made the right decision for my daughter not telling the school. My daughter is not popular but she has a few friends and is not systematically excluded.  Her younger sister has been saying that my 16yo is autistic quite a lot lately. I do not know where she got that from and I have put a stop to her saying it. Although I have never told my 13yo about her sister's condition, she is adamant that her sister is autistic and thinks others should know. AITB?
49	adjudicated	JB	My girlfriend has a tendency to be quite negative. Recently thoguh she hasn't been too bad until around 2 weeks ago. She was supposed to go grocery shopping with her mum but her mum had to cancel so my girlfriend spent ages rantin about it and how she hates the fact her plans have changed.   Then she got asked to do something new at work so she spend ages ranting about how its not somethign she's done previously and wouldn't listen when I suggested to talking to her manager for advice on how to complete the task.   Her car then had a minor issue and needed taking in to the garage. She needs it for her job but her aunt said she would drive her to and from where she needs to be so work isn't affected. My girlfriend still spent ages complaining about how she can't work now and wouldn't listen when I pointed out she can work since she's getting driven around. She said we can now not do anything on the weekend but I pointed out she's only had her car 4 months and we managed to make plans without it before.   She just kept complaining saying how this last week has been terrible and nothing is ever going right for her and how things are ruined. I asked if she could not be as negative since it seems that's all she is being recently. She said it's because nothings going right and the week has been terrible. I agreed the week hasn't been great but I pointed out she has solutions to the problems she's got but instead of focusing on them she'd rather sit and complain about how awful everything is for her.   She said I was being cruel and unfair but I just said it's etting draining for me to listen to constant negativity. She said I was being unsupportive and should be fine listening to her.   AITAH for asking my girlfreiend to stop complaining?
30	adjudicated	EAB	So last year(2023) I(F18) met a friend, let’s call him Jason(M18) in our last year of school together. I went to a private girls school and Jason went to our brother equivalent to my school.   At first I saw Jason at our schools combined musical where I happened to grow a small crush on him. I asked my friends who he was and they kept telling me that he was an ick. Eventually at a party, Jason and I were taking photos together and he asked me if I could send them to him, I used this opportunity to get his phone number.   We ghosted each other for a little before Jason started randomly messaging me. We eventually started hanging out and a few strange things happened. There were a few times where he told me to shut up because I was being too loud(he once said this to me at a party where loud music was playing) or to act decently because I was swearing in public. We live in Australia and I’m a wog so I’m gonna be loud. When this happened, I would go quite bc of how embarrassing it was.   Eventually it got around to him that I liked him and at a mutual party, he confronted me. I tried to brush it aside by saying that I didn’t like him anymore. After this confrontation, he kept talking to me and showed me these photos of him dressed in those really weird and racist Muslim ‘costumes’ from the 2 dollar store. This really pissed me off, I’m one of those ‘liberal snowflakes’ people like to make fun of online but when he showed me this pic he expected me to laugh but I only called him out for it.   In our messages, he would send really weird flirtatious things. Like “every barbie needs her Ken” and kept resending me a photo of him and I sitting together, teasing me about it. I slowly lost interest in him, seeing him better as a friend.   I and Jason hung out at our local library to study. We eventually got out of the library and he asked me to join him to get food. He asked me to walk him back to his car after because he felt lonely. During this walk he asked me about the yes or no vote. This was basically a referendum vote in Australia to allow our First Nations people an advisory body in government. I’m a leftist, so I retorted with voting yes. I was 17 at the time and couldn’t vote whereas he was 18. so I asked him the same question but all he said was “interesting” and ignored it. This threw me off guard, I’m personally a really political person and I’d prefer if my friends shared the same values as me. He knew this and when he didn’t answer I knew he was going to vote no.   That night we were messaging each other and I called him a misogynist as a joke. He thought I was being serious and sent a full paragraph to explain why and how he wasn’t. This turned me off completely and the next day I blocked him without explaining anything. Everything weird about him kinda built up and honestly from the start I should’ve distanced myself away from him. I’ve felt guilty about it ever since. So, AITB? 
2	adjudicated	NTB	So my neighbor has a 3yr old boy that plays outside every chance he has. Almost every time I am outside he is out there. That's not my problem tho idrc that he's outside he's a kid. The problem is he's always out there by himself and anytime he's outside he throws rocks at my window, then at my car. Anytime my brother is outside he throws stuff at my brother. He runs out in the street and plays in the street has no regard for any cars coming. One time I was trying to get into my driveway and he ran right out in front of me. I had to slam my brakes hard to avoid hitting him.  My brother had to carry him back to his house bc he would not get out of the driveway. We have talked to his mom multiple times and she always has the "oh he's just a kid" response. There was another time where my brother saw him running towards the main road (which is always super busy especially during rush hour) and screamed for me to get him. Thankfully I got him bfor he got hit and brought him back home told his mom what happened and she thanked me for saving him.   Not only is he annoying but I also really fear for his safety. I really feel one day he's going to get hurt as we live near a main road which is always very busy. I just would not be able to live with myself if I just sat and watched a little kid get hit by a car or if I accidentally hit them myself. I seriously worry about this kid. I wonder all the time why his mom never watches him. I feel like I should do something.  What do you all think?? WIBTB???
145	adjudicated	YTB	Around a year ago i dated this girl who lived in another state - so yes it was long distance, but we would see each other often on trips and whatnot. We dated for a few months then eventually broke up because we both agreed that we didn’t want a lot distance relationship. After we broke up, we continued to remain friends and talked daily.   Then my best friend comes in. I had been friends with him for 2 and a half years at that point, and we would go do stuff together all the time. One day when we were hanging out, he mentioned that he found my ex on snapchat and added her. I really didn’t think much of it at the time considering that we had already broken up.  A few months go by at this point with nothing abnormal happening, when all of a sudden about 2 months ago he started kinda dodging me. I’d ask to hang out and half of the times he’d have some excuse that he had something else to do. I still didn’t think much of this at the time because he’s pet of a busy family that travels a lot. Then i started to notice that whenever we would hang out, he’d be on his phone half of the time and hide it from me (he never did this before). At the same time as that happening, my ex starts leaving me on delivered and opened for a day or two, also something she’d never done because we still talked about stuff. This goes on for a while before i ask him what up and he just blows me off saying it’s nothing. Keep in mind, they have never met in person at this point.  Then one day, he travels to their state to go on a college visit. Without either of them telling me, he goes to their house and has dinner with their family. The only way i found out about that is because my exs dad texted me asking if i knew that my friend was going over. When i asked them about it both of them completely blew me off like it never happened. To this day, that is the one time they’ve met in person.   Part 2 in comments
76	adjudicated	NTB	So I've been dating a girl recently, sweet lady with a bad habit of dating the wrong guys, we've been dating for about two months and she drops the bombshell she's pregnant, we've never slept together and she doesn't know who the father is. She's asked me to be the babies father but I'm not the father nor am I willing to be the father. (Especially considering my age and current occupation as a student) Thus I've decided to break up with her because of this.  AITB for this?
314	adjudicated	YTB	I (14F) was sitting on a train minding my own business   I live in London so the trains go to places that aren’t very far way (This may affect your judgement)   I was just playing music on the train as I always do, minding my own business   Then this old man says “Excuse me, could you please turn the volume down?”  I tell him no and keep listening to my music, but then he walks up to me and asks me again and I tell him to mind his own business   By this point his tone becomes a lot more aggressive   “Listen, there are people on this train including me who don’t want to listen to your noise, use headphones or don’t play noise in the train”  I honestly don’t know what he wants to do with his life so I tell him   “Did you pay for this entire train? No? Then fuck off and suck your mum, it’s a free country, you’re not a worker and by the looks of you, you can’t afford to pay to tell me what to do”  It was at this point someone else joined in to say   “And you look like a stereotypical rich bitch who gets all her money from her father, you were clearly never told ‘no’ as a child”  I just glare at him and try to ignore him but I felt very embarrassed because of he commented on what I wear, especially since a few people laughed at me   I tell the old man “Look, I don’t care who backs you up, unless you paid for this entire train, I’ll play anything as loud as I want”  After he takes a seat further away from me along with another person, I get a call from my friend and I tell him what happened (That he started spitting in my face, bothering me and chatting shit)   Even though I got onto a few sentences in, someone grabbed my phone and threw it out the door   I quickly ran out the train to get it but the door to get it and just as I turned to get back on the train, the doors had closed and the guy who threw my phone out was laughing at me   The old man saw this but just kept staring at me blankly    Why do people think it’s okay to do that? Why didn’t anyone stand up for me?  Well, this is why I’m here   AITB?
296	adjudicated	NTB	Hi so I am a college student currently dating another college student at another school in a long distance relationship. We have different social scenes at our respective schools where I have access to go out a good amount, her school is more strict making it hard for her. Sometimes when I go out she feels upset/lonely because I’m not there to stay in and FaceTime. She communicates that it isn’t my fault and isn’t necessarily upset that I am going out, just that I’m not there “with her”. I feel guilty and like an asshole when I go out and she is sad about it. Just asking for some input, thank you!
262	adjudicated	YTB	The fridge is mine which I let her use since she moved in, but now she’s moving out this weekend. So would I be wrong to throw out her food? Like all of it? Just the ones in the fridge and not the shared cabinets. She doesn’t have that much food but I don’t want her using it since she’s moving out.   WIBTBF?
192	adjudicated	NTB	I've been going to a specialist for two years now. He's in network, I really like him, and he is streets ahead of any other doctor I've seen in this field.     My wife is currently experiencing a health issue that her company insurance did not cover. So, I put her onto my insurance. So, at the same time we are dealing with this, my health insurance deduction has gone up by $800 a month, and my yearly deductible has doubled. These are all points of anxiety for us, but we are managing.    Today I received a call from the doctor's receptionist reminding me of an appointment that I have next week. I confirmed that I would be there. She informed me that she looked into my insurance and after determining that I have a high deductible, they are requiring me to pay for the entire cost of the visit up front.    I explained that I've been going there for two years, have never paid a bill late, and in fact paid their bills typically within an hour of them hitting the patient portal, so I wasn't sure why the change. The receptionist replied, "You have a high deductible, so we're not going to get paid if we send it to your insurance."    I told her that I had added a dependent, but that as long as my bills were paid, which they always were, that my deductible was none of her business, and I considered it an invasion of my privacy for her to be looking at anything other than if the doctor was in my plan.    She started laughing and said, "That's not an invasion, I'm allowed to look at your coverage to determine if we're going to be paid."    At this point I lost my cool. I asked, "Excuse me, did you just laugh at me? Do you find this funny? Because I do not. I am very upset by this, and you're laughing at me?"    She stopped laughing and lied, "No, I wasn't laughing I was just saying I have the right to review your coverage and determine if we'll be paid, and we're not going to get paid if you don't pay up front."    I again stated that in two years I had never failed to pay them, even when I was under my deductible, and that should suffice as proof that they will be paid.    She replied, "Well, we have people in collections who never paid. Some people ruin it for everyone, and because you have a high deductible we won't get paid."    Frustrated that she had again stated that I wouldn't pay them, I asked, "Am I in collections? Have I ever been in collections? Have I ever failed to give you the money that is owed to you?"    She replied, "It doesn't matter, this is our policy and you will need to pay for the visit up front."    I told her I did not appreciate the way I was spoken to and that I would be speaking to the doctor to determine whether or not I would be continuing as a patient.    The receptionist said it was the doctor's decision to require this for all high deductible patients. So if that's true, my only recourse is to drop him. I have the money, I am able to pay in advance, but I am not okay with being treated like a deadbeat.
57	adjudicated	NTB	Posting this here as I got my post removed at AITA. I'm not sure how to add both serious and romantic flair if that's possible so kindly consider this as both.     a few hours ago I got into an argument with my wife.  The conversation went like this:  Wife sleeping on the bed randomly asks me: what are you thankful for today?  Me: for being alive.  Wife: no other things?  Me: for everything. For still having color in my life.  We then go on a back and forth regarding this specific question. What she meant was more deeper and wanted me to expound on it. What she meant was that if I reflected on the day I spent today, what were the things I appreciated happening today to which I replied by telling her that if she needed an answer that she wanted to hear then lead with that question instead or ask directly to which she replied I should have known it was that kind of question.  She's an extrovert. I'm an introvert. We've been married for 8 years and this one regularly grinds her gears. I give truthful and straightforward replies because that is what I genuinely think and she gets annoyed when I do it. I explained to her that we've been married for 8 years already and this is how my brain process things and I do not possess the ability to read minds. Her rebuttal was similar albeit fair, she mentioned that we're married for 8 years already so I should understand how she wants her questions to be answered. She further defends her point by saying when she talks to her friends they normally understand what she is trying to ask for.     Now she's mad and doesn't want to talk anymore. I feel like when questions like these are thrown at me, it always feels like I'm about to step on a landmine and when fights like these happens they tend to spiral further and I would really like this cycle to stop.
319	adjudicated	YTB	I(16) and my friends(also 16) like to stop at this gas station near our neighborhood to get snacks. I will mention that before that day, no one had a problem with us being there.  I was looking for gum when I accidentally bumped into a Black lady. I apologized and moved on. She got pissed off and started screaming at me for being inconsiderate and accused me of doing it on purpose. I calmly told her it was an accident and went to the next section. She followed me and kept yelling at my friends and I for being rude, inconsiderate teens.   This probably went on for about 5 minutes until an employee and two other customers told her to cool it. She didn't and when we were at the checkout she called us disgusting curry munchers and told us to "go back to our country." At that point, I told her to fuck off. She replied that what she said was true and that "people like us" were the reason the country was going to shit, and we were setting a bad image about our ethnicity. She was at the top of her lungs so I snapped back, "Dude, you're the reason people think Black women are always pissed off, you cannot be yapping at us about positively portraying ethnicities." She got red in the face but the cashier told her she had it coming. But then, someone in our neighborhood happened to be there and told our parents, and my parents yelled it me for escalating the situation. AITB?  Also I didn't put this on r/AmItheAsshole because I feel like it would get taken down for breaking a rule.
12	adjudicated	NTB	Am I the buttface for yelling at my younger sister and getting angry at my mom?  I have adhd and autism, I absolutely hate when people touch things that are mine or even hold them. My sister has a habit of conveniently not noticing what things are mine or not. My mom ALWAYS takes her side in almost everything. I’ve known for years that my younger sister is my moms favorite.   Every time my sister takes one of my things I have a fit. I cry and yell because she ALWAYS DOES THIS AND MOM DOES NOTHING!  Last night I put my sketchbook(we both have one) on top of my booksack, my sister had a friend over. You can probably see where this is going.  My sister gave her friend my sketchbook to use saying it was her own. The friend drew on 9 pages of my sketchbook. I of course yelled at my sister because she ALWAYS does this with my things. I tried to be nice to her friend because it wasn’t her fault. My mom got MAD AT ME for yelling at my sister and being rude to her friend. Called me a selfish asshole when I requested to use my sisters pencil sharpener since I don’t have one. Like 9 pages of a sketchbook is the equivalent to using a pencil sharpener a bit.  So was I the bad guy in this situation? 
100	adjudicated	YTB	For context, I'm a 16 year old male, and I live with my mom. My parents divorced when I was 4 because my dad hit my mom and left. I believe this situation happened when I was 14.  The judge ruled that I had to go to my dad's house over the summer as part of court order.  So now I will explain what happened. I don't remember the exact day, but the day before, my sister asked me and my dad to go on an early morning hike. We agreed. She said to wake her up in the morning early to go on a hike because she wanted to do cardio(not on a tredmill). My dad agreed, and the rest of the day went normal.  So on that day me and my sister and I woke up to my dad crunching on some chips. We didn't like it, so we told him to stop and let us sleep. He said that we agreed to wake up in the morning and go. My sister didn't like that and told him to shut the f up and called him some names. My dad got up and started over to her.    Anyway, he moves over to her, talking sternly because he doesn't like cursing, I get in the way of him and my sister. My memory goes foggy, but I believe my sister and dad exchange a few more words, and i think my dad threatened her( i dont remember what it was, but i wasn't intimidated by it. I thought it was him trying to displne he) get and leave out the house and call 911 because she thinks that she's in danger of getting hurt.    Police come and try to understand what happened. Eventually, my sister said he doesn't feel safe here and packs her things, then leaves. Police asked me if I felt safe, and I said yes. So I stay. At the time, I was super confused and stressed because I didn't know what happened or why it led to this, but I felt like my sister had f'd me over in some way.   For the rest of the time I was there I had a good time.  After I came back from that break, my Mom tried to talk to me about it, and when I told her that, I thought it was a massive overreaction by my sister. She took my sister's side and said that my dad threatened her to do something, but I told her that she wasn't there and couldn't really defend her. Me and my mom and my sister still disagree with that. I feel like she also guilt tripped me into not talking to my dad because she doesn't like me talking to him at all. She also leveraged this to influence me to stop talking to him.   Since then, I haven't visited my dad or talked to him since. He tries to text me and have a conversation every couple of months, but I don't respond. I feel like I pause my life in Washington to visit him, and that really isn't fair.I also have found a replacement for him. He is my neighbor. My neighbor has taught me more about how to be a man than my dad had ever, and I've only known him for 3 years.  Still, even with all of that going for me, I still feel conflicted that I made the wrong decision of not talking to my dad for such a long time. I would like to visit him and talk to him but I don't know if it should?
10	adjudicated	NTB	My little brother (16M I’ll call him jack) had his birthday party recently. He had his friends over and he had fun.   The problem is a few days before jack asked me (17NB) to “not be weird” during the party. I had asked what he meant by that and he said “just don’t act like you normally do” I got upset at this and went to my room.   When jacks actual birthday came around he went out with his friends to get food after school and when jack came back with my mom i sat down with them. My mom was about to leave when jack told me to go to my room. I thought he was joking so I laughed and he just looked at me. I asked if he was serious and he said yes. I looked at my mom for help but she said nothing. I then looked at jacks friends and they were all just staring at me. I got up quietly and left. I cried in my room and then fell asleep.   Yesterday I talked to jack about the whole thing. I asked why he didn’t want me to act the way I normally do and why he asked me to go to my room. I explained that I felt left out and felt like he doesn’t want anything to do with me. Jack responded saying “it’s because you’re loud and sometimes annoying and I don’t want my friends to hear that” I told him that he was being a jerk and went to my room.   My mom later scolded me over text for talking to jack about it and that I should have just let him have his day.   I’ve got mixed feelings on this. On one hand I’m angry that jack said that and that my mom sided with him and on the other I feel like I might have deserved it. After telling some of my friends about it they agreed that my brother was being a jerk but I need other peoples opinions on this.   AITA  Edit: after reading y’all’s comments I’ve apologized to my brother. I realize it was kinda stupid to feel left out on his day. He accepted my apology and we’re on better terms than we were. 
154	adjudicated	YTB	On Sunday morning, I noticed a small package sitting on my front porch. Neither my wife or I had ordered anything, so I found this odd, but when I brought it inside, I noticed a small card attached. I discovered that it was a gift from my mother-in-law for Valentine's Day, one dozen chocolate-covered strawberries.  When my wife came into the foyer, I told her what her mom had sent us, and she seemed excited and grateful. I told her that we should refrigerate them right away and eat them over the next few days, but my wife insisted that they would keep until Valentine's Day. She said that it was important to enjoy them after a nice dinner we had planned. I tried protesting, but she insisted that we wait and suggested that I had a lack of willpower. That wasn't the case at all (I rarely eat sweets). I was just concerned that the berries would rot before we had a chance to eat them.   Fast forward to today, and my wife said that we should eat some of the berries. I pulled the box from the fridge, and there were already some warning signs. The berries were much more pungent than they should have been, and the chocolate was starting to fall off. I bit into one, and I immediately realized that there was a problem. It was way too soft and it didn't taste right. I spat it out into a napkin. Long story short, every single berry had gone bad. My wife's refusal to listen to me had led to her mother's hard-earned money going to waste. My wife started tearing up, as if I hadn't tried to warn her a few days ago that this would happen.   I asked her why she was crying, and she said that she "didn't think the fruit would rot so quickly." I couldn't help but laugh. I reminded her that this is the result she wanted, since she refused to listen to me. She replied with something like "you had a lucky guess." This really made me mad. I told her that I couldn't believe a grown woman doesn't understand that fruit rots if you let it sit too long. I told her that I grasped this concept from the time I was a child. She said that I had been "condescending" and said that she couldn't believe how poorly she had been treated on Valentine's Day.  She's been sulking for the past 30 minutes, and I'm considering calling her mother to tell her that she had wasted such expensive fruit. I just can't believe that this is somehow my fault, when I was the one who suggested that we eat the fruit in a reasonable timeframe. If anyone should be apologizing, it should be my wife, and I can't even do enough mental gymnastics to figure out how I'm to blame. In my opinion, my wife should apologize to me and my mother-in-law, but she seems to be completely blinded by ego. I just need her to understand that sometimes I know what's best in a given situation and that she shouldn't fight me on everything like a stubborn mule. I'm feeling really defeated. AITB?
27	adjudicated	YTB	I will need to give some context because I promise I don't mean anything malicious from the title.  My girlfriend is not a small woman. She is just over 5' and weighing 330lbs. She has always been overweight her life due to her parents not actually parenting her and meaning she had to look after herself growing up. When I first met her she was 270lbs, which was 2.5 years ago. After a very rough period of time just 6 months later she got to 330lbs, and has been fluctuating a bit up and down since then. Add this to the fact she has an ED, depression and PCOS. I also gained the same amount of weight in this period of time, but I'm not really obese (5'9 at 200lbs). I then lost about 22lbs since due to my work.  I absolutely love her, and I am attracted to her too, a lot. But I am scared her weight is going to kill her or hinder our future at some point. She's become less active to the point she hasn't left the house in a week, she doesn't exercise, she's always in constant muscle pain, and its starting to affect her hygiene (ie showering is alot of effort, sometimes toilet paper gets stuck). Her clothes keep getting destroyed and she wont go clothes shopping.  She is getting help for her ED, and I dont know much about it cuz Its not my business, but I think she is getting better. We also cut off random takeaways too. But we want kids in the future, and with her PCOS and large weight, that could be hard or dangerous. She also needs to get a job since I'll still be in university another year, but its hard passing the interview at her size (not to mention the racial prejudice), and even if she does, im worried about her overworking herself.  Part of me thinks she deliberately isn't losing weight because she knows my type is chubby women and is scared I'll lose attraction to her despite me telling her thats not true. I have told her before that I worry about her weight too and I have done quite a bit to try help her. She agreed then, but nothing is working so far.  WIBTBF if I tell my girlfriend about my concerns about her weight impacting our future if she doesn't lose it? Happy to answer further questions if needed.
113	adjudicated	YTB	I (23F) work at a marketing company. Two weeks ago, we had a new hire at our department. I’ll call him John (27M). We haven’t interacted much yet since he’s still training with our manager (43F, I’ll call her Linda).  So last week, my friends and I were eating lunch and they said that they think John has a crush on me. I didn’t really think anything of it since I don’t really know him. I’m also dating someone.  Our building’s parking lot is huge and old. There are areas where it’s really dark, especially at night, since some of the lights were broken. So, for safety purposes, the women in our department have established a “buddy system” where we park close to each other, so that when we walk toward our cars at night, we have someone accompanying us. This could change every day, accounting for leaves, shifts in schedules, etc. For context, we’re all being extra careful because last year, a woman was robbed at gunpoint in a nearby building parking lot, and the suspects have not even been identified.  However, last Monday, my usual buddy (I’ll call her Carmen) called in sick. It was only me, John, and Linda in our shift. Linda was staying late, so I couldn’t walk with her to my car. Then, as I was packing up my things, John approached me and said something like, “Hey, want me to walk with you to your car?” I politely declined, since he was still essentially a stranger to me. I also initially thought he was hitting on me. However, he still insisted, saying that Linda told him about the buddy system and the incident last year. He also said he’d be happy to be my buddy whenever Carmen isn’t around.  I don’t know why, but his insistence kinda triggered me. Again, at this point, John is basically a stranger to me. I told him that I have a boyfriend, that I’m not interested in him, and that he should stop asking me. In fairness to him, he did stop when I told him that.  Then, when I got in yesterday morning, he made another remark, saying “Hey, Carmen’s still out sick. If you feel more comfortable, I’d still be happy to walk you to your car later.”  That’s when I kinda snapped. I told him not to bother me anymore about this. I also told Linda that I feel uncomfortable around John. She asked me why, then I told her what happened. She said maybe John was just genuinely concerned for me, but nonetheless, she said she’ll talk to him. Linda also told me that if I want to, I can talk to HR about this since it’s our company’s policy (since he’s still on probation), so I did.  Later on, our HR talked to me, telling me that they’ll give John a warning on his probationary file due to my complaint.  I felt bad for him, but I thought I just did my part given that I felt harassed by him. However, when I told this to the guy I’m dating, he told me I might have overreacted and was an asshole for reporting John to HR when he was just being nice and maybe trying to fit in.  So, AITB for reporting a guy who harassed me at the workplace?  EDIT:  Additional context: I originally didn't have any plans of reporting John to HR. However, Linda told me that it was company policy since John is still a probationary employee. In our company, all probationary employees are technically still under HR's roster. They are trained in their respective departments, but they still technically report to HR. Only when they are regularized and tenured do they formally get endorsed to their respective departments (in this case, when John passes the probationary period, he will then be officially a part of Linda's team).  That was why every matter involving the probationary employees, whether exemplary or not, should be taken up to HR. What they will do with the information is entirely up to them. When I reported the incident to them, it was mostly due to Linda's direction to me. As you can tell from my age, I'm also new to this company (I've just been working here for 8 months, and I was regularized just 3 months ago).
335	adjudicated	YTB	I have been with my partner for 5yearsand we have been engaged for around 8 months now. When we got engaged we didn't really have a lot of time to start planning the wedding straight away and both of us were fine being engaged for a year or two.   We've now started sitting down to start planning the wedding and my partner mentioned last night that she doesn't want to take my surname at the wedding. I asked what she planned to do and she said just keep her own. I mentioned that it would be a bit weird to be married and have separate surnames still so I suggested we both take each others name and have a double barrelled surname since then it won't just be her taking my name and it will be a nice gesture.   She refused and said it was an outdated tradition that she doesn't want to take part in. I asked what her problem was with us both taking the others surname and she just said she shouldn't have to and that I'm out of line for trying to pressure her into it. My point was just that it's what happens at a wedding and I understand her not wanting to get rid of her name completely but I don't see why it has to be an issue for us to take each others name.   She just repeated that I'm wrong for trying to force her to do it and that I should drop it.  AITA for wanting us to change surnames after the wedding?
63	adjudicated	YTB	**Background**  I've considered this friend a close friend. I know I haven't been present for most of their functions and have even stopped inviting me because I decided to focus on my (now) fiancee and our mutuals. This friend finally snapped and, to his credit, has told me that it doesn't feel like I've been a friend to him and if I feel the same way, we can part ways and he has to make peace with that. The wham line in his message was "you weren't there for me when I needed you. When I called out, you ignored me." I thought he was being overdramatic.  My brother is also a close friend with him. I asked him about this line and my brother told me some truly horrible things like my friend getting into a car accident, caught COVID, was in therapy for abuse and worsening depression, etc. The rest of my old friend group was there. But my brother gave me the same message- he was there when you were at his lowest. He sacrificed a lot of time with his then-girlfriend to make sure I went out and was ok. And my brother said "bro, if I'm being honest here, that message he sent you was being *nice*. He has every right to be angry" My brother says there's more that there's more my friend told and asked him about me.   **The question at hand**  Yesterday was his birthday but I was away doing my proposal. I sent him a birthday wish and my engagement photos to the group. According to my brother, that's all the group could talk about while my friend just sat silently. He sent a congratulatory message but my brother said he looked annoyed, saw the photos and basically just sat silently for the rest of the night. According to my brother, only he and my friend's best friend know how he's been feeling about me and they said it was tacky for me to do this and pretty much make his birthday a pseudo engagement party for me. I want to talk to him but he left me on read. I offered to make things right but he won't answer me. My brother told me to give him time but I know I haven't been there and I didn't know things were so bad with him. His best friend and my brother told me that I could have waited a day but I was too excited.  tl;dr: Sent my engagement photos as part of my well wishes for his birthday. His friend and my brother told me that I basically hijacked his birthday and I am in the wrong for not waiting a day.  Am I the buttface here?  EDIT:  Fine, you people were right, I was the BF here. My friend's message wasn't angry, it was just sadness. I wish he would scream at me or lash out but it just reiterated how sad it was to feel like he was tossed away after being there for me during my darkest hour. He said that he couldn't handle the resentment from the abandonment anymore and that I was the main reason he got rid of IG because it showed how happy I was without him and without our group. He said that things in his life are not going well and realizing that someone he thought was his close friend kicked him to the curb made it worse. He thanked me for the good memories and said that we will only be communicating at social events with the rest of the group and told me and my brother to not get anybody else in my original group of friends involved because he doesn't want them to feel awkward.
498	adjudicated	YTB	, I (21M) recently found myself in a heated debate during a class discussion about the Israel-Palestine conflict, and I'm wondering if I might be the jerk in this situation.  So, our professor opened up a discussion about the historical roots of the Israel-Palestine conflict, and things were getting pretty intense. I have a strong interest in history, and I've read quite a bit about the subject. However, during the discussion, a girl (20F) confidently stated that the conflict started on October 7. I was taken aback because I was pretty sure that wasn't accurate, and I spoke up to correct her.  Now, I don't think there's anything wrong with correcting misinformation, but maybe I could have done it in a better way. I said something like, "Actually, I believe you might be mistaken. The Israel-Palestine conflict has deep historical roots that go back much further than October 7." I tried to provide some context and mentioned significant events from the late 19th and early 20th centuries.  She didn't take it well at all. Instead of engaging in a thoughtful discussion, she got defensive and accused me of being condescending. In response, I might have let my frustration get the better of me, and I mentioned that she seemed uneducated on the topic.  &amp;#x200B;  After class her and her friends followed me, and called me sexist and  anti semtic  &amp;#x200B;  Aitb  &amp;#x200B;  edit  some info    she  wasnt talking about the  recent escalation . she was talking about the  entire conflict. she said both countries never went to war until october  7 .     i said palenstine was stolen by the british goverment . i said palenstine needs to be free. 
78	adjudicated	NTB	My childhood friends are drifting away from me. I keep acing tests in my college and am getting top 10 ranks in most of them (out of 7000). I recently aced a state level olympiad. My mom was happy about this and posted it on her story. My friends saw it and started trolling me on my social media.  They called me a scholar, but in the most mocking tone possible. Initially I'd planned to not tell them at all because most of them aren't academically blessed. We have been friends since we were like 3, and I've always been better at studies in that group. They never treated me any differently for it before. Idk what different now.  They asked me tutor them but all they did was throw snide remarks at me all the time. When i tried to explain something they'd say: "don't assume it's easy for everyone". It was a very easy topic. I knew that she knew it too. It made me feel like I was the one undermining them and acting oversmart.  They are the only friends I have ever had. I don't know what to do. Please help.
263	adjudicated	YTB	I have mostly gotten over the situation, but it has been a weight on my mind for a while. I joined an organization on campus, and became friends with a person in my same major who we are gonna call Sara. Sara and I became really close friends, and we ended up being lab partners for a class we had together. The organization we were a part of held executive board elections, and Sara and I ran together for a chair position to be co-chairs. We ended up getting the position, and we had began to plan events for the next semester.  Sara ended up meeting another guy named Max that she started to hang out with. He ended up getting a chair position on the board as well. During winter break, Sara slowly began to stop talking to me. I took it up to it just being break, and we would be able to see each other next semester. When classes start, I see her and Max walking everywhere together. When the first exec meeting of the semester starts, she walks in with and sits in the back next to Max, and doesn't even say a word to me until I walk over.  It was a very awkward interaction to say the least. For our chair position, we needed to have events planned throughout the semester. I show Sara some of the ideas we had the previous semester that I had worked on over break, and she just says "mhmm" to everything. She then asked to do plan joint events with Max, and I say yes to be a team player.  The semester ended up being a very hard one for me mentally as I was talking 16 credit hours of really difficult classes. During that time, Sara never reached out once about anything related to events that we were supposed to plan until I see in the organization group chat she has already created events without ever telling me. This on top of the multiple hard classes did a number on my mental health. I reached out to the president of the organization and told her I would be missing the next few meetings due to classes and my mental health getting worse. The president says that was ok.  Eventually I start to feel that I was ready to return to meetings, but I come to learn through another person on the exec board that Sara said I wasn't reaching out to her about events and she is gonna replace me with a general body member Devin who happened to be the best friend of Max. This really hurt me and made my depression way worse. After that point I just stopped going to meetings. I didn't say anything just because at that point my depression was so bad I just wanted to disappear from it all. The only person who reached out was that friend who told me what was going on in the first place, and we ended up becoming really good friends to this day.  Looking back on this whole situation, I think I should have tried to reach out to others in the organization instead of just not going or explaining my situation, but at the time I just didn't know what to do. AITB?
211	adjudicated	EAB	I'm 17 and have undoubtedly suffered from low self esteem and anxiety. And I have trouble putting myself out there. I'm currently on a CAHMS waiting list which is a mental health service for under 18s in the UK. The NHS is strained and therefore the waiting period is massive until I can be seen.   I always dreamt to be this person and coming out of school the lack of routine and more freedom I was just given made me hide in a shell more and feel more lonely. But home is my comfort zone and sitting on a couch like a potatoe aswell.   I watch this show that I like and I tend to repeat episodes daily when I'm back from college. And I don't find it boring strangely. My brother is in a teen phase where he has a loud mouth to say anything. My parents find it hard to handle him they do shout at him and defend me but they just aren't strict. He came in and said always watching the same shit as a little joke and this somehow triggered me where I started crying loudly.
308	adjudicated	NTB	I (24f) have been with my gf (28f) for about two years. Within those two years we took about a three month break due to distance and job stresses. We recently just decided to get back together about 2 months ago  For some context in this whole scenario:  My gf loves concerts and is a big swiftie (buys tons of merch, goes to a lot of shows). I am a mild swiftie. My gf also has a best friend, Lucy (27f, fake name), who is the same level of swiftie as her.  Lucy also had a crush on my gf since they met 9 months ago. During our break, Lucy made some moves and they went on some dates. Since my gf and I got back together, she insists Lucy stay in her life as her best friend. I don’t like (or trust) it, but I deal with it  Now back to where the thing blows up:  I was on social media when I saw something about TS secret events she does. The poster asked who you +1 is if invited. I saw my gf had commented/tagged Lucy. It hurt but it was all hypothetical.  I guess I wasn’t carrying it well so my gf asked what was wrong. I admitted it didn’t make me feel okay that she would choose Lucy over me for an experience like that.  My gf said she didn’t understand why it would matter. I then told her it was a once in a life time experience, and as her gf I would want to experience that with her. Especially considering I’m also a fan of the artist. And as her partner, I felt like I should at least be offered first instead of glossed over.  My gf said since Lucy is a big fan like her, she would rather go with her. She told me I’m too reserved for her to be able to have fun and enjoy an experience like that. She said she should be able to choose who she’d have the better memory with.  I stood firm with my stance and told her how hurt I would be if she just ignored me and chose to go with Lucy instead. Especially since if it’s not TS it would be something else where it’s more realistic to happen.  My gf then said she would also choose Lucy for this sort of scenario, and it wasn’t right for me to make her choose between her gf and her best friend. I countered with the fact as a gf, I shouldn’t have to fight someone else for her attention.  I had enough since I keep my mouth shut about Lucy 90% of the time (for more context: they have 10+ concert trips planned this year AND going to europe for 3 weeks together)… but I had told her in the past eventually I’d have to put boundaries around the remaining 10% to protect my mental health/sanity.  And then I told her my boundary: if she openly chose Lucy for this without asking me first, I would almost immediately break up with her.  Of course this pissed off my gf bc she now just doesn’t have free reign with Lucy. Conversations about it have been no help since she’s now under the impression 90% free reign isn’t good enough and I gave her an ultimatum for the present: Me or Lucy.  She also openly admitted with this, she will be choosing Lucy.  So AITB for saying Lucy can’t always come before me?
85	adjudicated	NTB	I (F 19) want to break up with my long-distance bf Greg (M 19). We've only been together a couple of months. He wanted us to get Life360 a little while ago. We live a couple of states away, so I thought maybe it was just kind of a symbol of trust, so I agreed.  Almost immediately, it felt like there were problems. The app was saying I was walking right outside of my dorm if I went to use my communal bathroom at night or even just sleeping, and that was an issue for Greg a couple of times. I told Greg I had a problem with this. Greg said he'd try not to get so worked up about it.  But, last night/this morning, my location appeared as "off/no network." I didn't do anything to my phone, so I don't know. I barely even look at the app. But, this was "concerning" to Greg.  I went to bed around 10:30 pm, and I woke up at about 11:00 am to a screenshot of my location being turned off since 6:30 pm (just wanted to add that I HAD texted him after that time). The screenshots would be too much to add, but we went back and forth through paragraphs of arguing over text.  Greg felt I was blowing everything out of proportion, and the only reason I felt upset was because of my experiences with my ex. Greg said he was just worried about me, he thought something bad had happened, and I had made a huge problem out of nothing. To me, it felt like he was just trying to minimize anything wrong he had done while still apologizing to make me feel bad for saying anything.  I told Greg I was tired of him acting accusatory or argumentative but backtracking and feigning innocence when I called him out on it. I also said that I am not helpless and traumatized, and I've been alive this long and have managed to take care of myself well enough, and my problems with him had nothing to do with my ex and everything to do with him. I also added I was tired of having to prove myself to him.  For a little context (I guess?), he told me before being together, he had trust issues with previous exes, which I agreed to work through with him. This is not the only time we have had issues with him "trusting" me. We have not met in real life but were trying to plan a trip to see each other. He is from my state but moved a while ago.  I don't like the feelings this has left me with. I didn't go into depth with what was said, but his language felt really manipulative. No matter what I'll be breaking up with him, but WIBTA for doing so?
189	adjudicated	NTB	   I'm in a weird mindset, I may have reacted to my friends trying to help me.  They were almost wasted too.  I (22 m) ended a two relationship with my ex-girlfriend because I found out she was cheating on me a few weeks ago. I've been staying home. Not doing anything but Marvel movies and takeout. I haven't done much since the breakup. All I do is go to work/school. I'm trying to snap out of this head space.  My friend, Chad (22 m) had his birthday last Friday. He invited me to go almost a month in advance before my breakup. I strongly considered not going but it was a dick move to ditch my friend.on his bday. Our friends, Kyle (23 m) and n (23 m) were also there. The party was at a bar. I low key bars or anything that might be loud due to my sensory issues but it's fine I force myself to act normal for a night. I'm used to it anyway.  While drinking beer and playing darts, Kyle commented that this girl kept checking me out. I said "Cool" and kept playing darts. He then said try to hook up with her. I told him "No thanks, I'm not interested". I'm still not over my ex and I don't feel like dating again. I thought he was joking, but continued talking I bought her a drink and saw where the night took us. I repeatedly no I don't want that. Chad offered me to led a condom. They all 3 kept bringing it up that I needed to go hook up with that girl. Or at least her a drink.  I snapped a little at them and told them to shut up then stormed out of the bar. I felt my getting and I went outside to calm down. 15-20 minutes later, I was still mad but I was calmer. I saw Kyle and Chad talking to 2 girls, one of the girls was the one checking me out, let's call her. Chloe. Ben left with someone.  Kyle waved me over, I reluctantly joined them. Chloe complimented my Ironman phone case and we talked for a long time, almost an hour. We had a lot in common. She asked me for my number. I was about to tell her no because I don't give it out to people I just met. Kyle gave my number off his phone number to Chloe.  She added it to her phone. Saying she'd text me later and left with her. Once out of earshot, I went off on Kyle that he had no right to do that. Chad is single too, he could have just given him to her. Chad joked that I should take all the help I could get. Kyle added if I don't want her. He'll take her. He has a girlfriend by the way. I was done. I couldn't handle them anymore. I walked out of the bar for good.  I went home. Chad and Kyle are calling me d-bag and AH for ditching them. How I ruined the celebration in our group chat. I muted it for now. I'm furious at both of them. Ben told me I was being a wimp and to get over my ex already. Everyone goes through a breakup it's nothing new.  AITB?   On an unrelated note. Chole texted me. Saying she loves to have coffee and to know me better. She had a great time meeting me. That I seem to be nicer than the other guys she has met lately. I haven't responded. I'm not interested in dating right now.   Update-  I responded to Chloe last night. I nicely told her that coffee was good but asked if we could go as friends.i don't to want lead her on.  I told her that I got out of something serious and didn't want anything more. She said she understood and looked forward to that coffee soon. We talked for a long time over text.   I haven't heard anything back from my friends. I get removed from our group chat. Wasn't given a reason as to why but I haven't spoken to them since the bar.     Burner Account
151	adjudicated	NTB	y friends were having a Single's Valentine's party. My sister was over and she's about their age, so i invited her over. I really thought it'd be a fun experience for her to meet them. I tell her about them all the time and genuinely wanted her to meet them.  We arrive a little early, the owner of the home and her friend are there, we sit in the kitchen together and after the introduction, she barely speaks 2 words to them until they ask about her job. My sister doesn't chime in on any conversation with me and the other 2. They offer her pizza and drinks and she doesn't even take a bottled water they offer.  It was no better when the rest of our group arrived. We went to the den to play some video games, everyone's gathered on the couch/nearby chairs. Except her. The whole time, she's literally on the other side of the room, she doesn't sit with us or even interact. She's instead calling our mom to complain how "Nobody's talking to her". I tried my best to introduce her to my friends, they'd say hi and she'd mumble it back. But that's it. We'd have a big conversation as a group and she's halfway across the room and not even engaging. Like she didn't even try to meet them! I tried to ask her to sit with us but she refused and just texted our parents to come get her.  I don't think it'd had been an hour and she was already asking for a lift home. I really did try to introduce her but she just didn't engage.  She was my ride home because i wanted to drink a little bit. Instead, i had to get another ride because she was long gone. I tried to tell her we were about to play some games together and that'd include her but she just didn't care (It's the game we play as an icebreaker to new people, it's a fairly social game). Plus one of our friends is out of town and we included her through video chat and she couldn't even be bothered to step into frame of the webcam to say anything.  She left without saying goodbye, not even to me, i didn't even notice till she was gone and i got a text from my mom that she left and they'd come get me.  My friends asked why she left and i told them she left because nobody talked to her and they said she didn't even try to talk to them either, she just sat there on the other side of the room. They found that and the fact she just vanished to be rude.  But now my family's acting like it's my fault for not "Introducing her" and not "getting them to talk to her". I tried, i introduced but she didn't really bother and in general we were just bantering about various media and social topics. She's on the phone complaining the whole time. I can't just say "Hey guys, talk to my sister please".
399	adjudicated	NTB	So about a year ago my sister was doing spring cleaning on their home. Her husband had told her to give his Xbox one to goodwill because he didn’t use it anymore and their kids didn’t have an interest in it. She asked if I wanted it so I said sure. Didn’t have any cables or controllers or games.   Fast forward to a day ago and he texts me asking if I still have it. I said yes I did. He asks for it back. I tell him I would but I spent money on cables controllers and games for it so I’d rather keep it. I did offer to let him borrow it on occasion if he wanted.   Now he’s mad because he says it’s his and I was never meant to have it. I argued that it would be at goodwill and he would have zero claim to it if I hadn’t taken it anyway.   I’m just wanting outside perspective on if I’m correct or if I’m being a buttface all things considered.
61	adjudicated	NTB	So this is going to be a long read sorry in advance. I 34f and bf 37m have been with my boyfriend for almost 11 years now. Been engaged but he broke the engagement last year. Me thinking he will think things over. I also have a son from my previous marriage 16m my bf and son got along when my son was younger but now a days they not best buds anymore. My bf was brought up in a stricked household so he is trying to implement those rules to my son. I didn't have a issue with this but my main issue was the way he implemented punishments. The straw that broke the camels back was last night when my bf told me matter of factly he hit my son. I saw red at the moment and said I'll be moving out. I don't have a job nor a place to stay so we basically my son and I will have to move to my mother. She lives in another city so I need to uproot my son and take my chances with no income. I must add my son is special needs so normal punishment for him will be like taking water away from a fish. I have my own way of teaching him write from wrong but bf says I'm to soft. I have noticed my son doesn't respond well with people talking loudly nor if someone is yelling at him he won't do what you want.  So will I be the a hole if I leave? Uprooting my child and starting new with nothing but the clothes on my back? 
450	adjudicated	NTB	I (19f) live in a small town and work in one of the only diners—which is a popular hangout spot for the local teen population. I have a regular(15m) who obviously has a school-boy crush on me but has never been openly flirty or anything.  On my boyfriend’s(20m) lunch break he’ll come and eat there on a normal day and has never met my regular but has heard me joke about him before.  3 days ago, both were in at the same time since school is out for winter break. I noticed my regular was being quieter than usual even though he was with his friends and when he finished his meal, he came up to me. He was very clearly embarrassed but asked me if I would be his date to a formal that’s coming up soon. I kind of laughed him off and said something along the lines of “I’m very flattered but I think I’m a bit old for you. But a handsome and sweet guy like you? You’ll have no problem finding a date.” He apologized for asking but left with no problem.  At first, I thought this interaction was innocent enough and was laughing as I went up to my boyfriend but he was clearly fuming. I asked him what was wrong but he said I “emasculated him by not letting him handle that boy flirting with me in front of him” and “that I should have shut him down months ago and not continued flirting with him.”  I didn’t want to make a scene at work so I just left him to stew and we argued about it when we were both home. I tried to explain that I would never be flirting with the regular because he was just a kid AND I was in a relationship but he’s very insistent that I was leading the boy on and that he should’ve been left to handle things ‘because he needs to learn what happens when you flirt with somebody else’s girl.’  He’s still upset today and now I’m starting to think I might be in the wrong because it’s true, I did know my regular had a bit of a crush on me but continued being friendly with him. Not to mention I’ve never actually mentioned my boyfriend to him—nor did I let him speak up when I got asked to the formal. I don’t know, I just didn’t think it was that big of a deal.  What’s your opinion? Am I the buttface?
141	adjudicated	NTB	So I (M34) and my new girlfriend (F29) have only been dating for about 3 months. Whenever we are together we have an amazing time and feel a genuine connection. The problem is that time accounts for about 5% of our relationship.  I really like this woman and I feel a real connection with her but I also feel like she doesn't value me or my time at all. She's in between jobs and has a really rough relationship with her family. So I started off super understanding to dates being rescheduled because he shit happens, right? But the distance just grows. She continuously breaks our plans because "She cant handle the depression right now" or "my relationship with my mom just has me so fucked up" or "work was so stressful I just need the night alone". Which I understand all of that, but this past month I haven't seen her and we barely talk on the phone. She sleeps until 12pm every day and texts are usually at best 30 minutes delayed but on average 2 hours. She doesn't answer my calls, she says it's anxiety. She says she knows these are issues for her and she know she needs to work on them. She also tells me that she really cares for me and wants me in her life and that she's "So fucking sorry" for how awful she's been.  We talked on the phone on Wednesday, Valentines day. Her niece's birthday is on Valentines day (trust me I know what it sounds like but I know this for a fact) So I knew she would have to interact with family and I didn't want to get my hopes up for seeing her. So we agreed to see each other Thursday night at 7:00 and left the phone call happy and excited to see one another.   Then Thursday comes and we re-confirm the plans and she says "I'm beyond ready to see you". Unsurprisingly 7:00 comes and goes. As does 8:00. I try calling and get no answer. Leave multiple texts to see if she's ok, then that I'm hurt this is happening again the day after we talked about it.  So now its Friday and I'm in my office at work, I think I'm going to break up with her. But I don't know if I have the strength And I feel like shit about it because I really like her and I feel like I'm not being understanding of her depression. And I also feel like I'm only feeling this way because I'm being controlling maybe? IDK I'm so confused and upset.    AITB?  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
475	adjudicated	JB	Last week, I (m, 29) took a flight from New York JFK to London, to visit some friends working abroad. I was in the middle row of the aircraft, seated in an aisle seat. Right next to me on the right side of the plane was a cute woman, who looked the same age as me (late 20s - early 30s). We didn't interact too much throughout the flight, but I did my best to make small talk with her. She's from the UK, and she is studying abroad in America; on that flight she was headed home for the holidays. I thought we hit it off pretty well, but then I asked for her name and I started asking her if she lives close to where I was staying for my trip (I did my best to make it as non-creepy as possible). She rudely cut me off, and she bluntly told me "I think I'll go back to listening to my songs". I protested, and she told me to "piss off". Our argument was not loud, since everyone else was sleeping, but it was heated.  When we were on descent and approach into London, we got a good view of the countryside. It was very scenic, and the woman turned to me and smiled. I was still kinda pissed off about the way she told me off hours beforehand, so I just scowled at her. Her smile transformed into an awkward, uncomfortable expression, and that was the last time I interacted with her.
239	adjudicated	YTB	This is an online friend, so might change perspectives.  He and I would play games together and text from 2020-23.  He had a lot of double standards I started noticing.  He could take a while to reply, but if I did I was ignoring him.  He could get mad at the game, but if I did I was killing the vibe.  He could not text much during the game, but if I did I was making things awkward.  One time, he sent me a long message and it was overwhelming so I took a bit to reply.  A friend in a group chat sent a meme which I quickly reacted to.  He was upset I replied there first instead of his message.  I understood why he was upset and apologized for making him feel ignored.  I told him I would be fair and timely with my replies in the future.  Fast forward to a month later:  I'm sleeping earlier because I'm tired from school and work.  Two nights in a row he asks me to play when I'm asleep, I text him as soon as I wake up to say "sorry dude I was sleeping, we'll try again tomorrow.".  Then when I am awake later in the week, I ask him to play.  No reply.  The next day I ask him again.  Still no reply.  Then the third day he texts our friend in the group chat we're both in.  So I hit him up like "hey man, I've been noticing a lot of double standards in our friendship.  I don't think it's fair to get mad at me for stuff then do it yourself.  I'm not sure if you're upset at me not replying this week, but I can't reply in my sleep.  Can we talk about this?"  And he proceeds to not listen to me at all and go off on me about how it's completely different and I was ignoring him all week so he doesn't have to reply to me timely.  I told him I replied as soon as I woke up but he said it didn't matter, time still passed.  He said I was crazy for getting upset about this.  (Something my manipulative parents did often was make a reasonable thing to get upset about seem like a crazy, insane thing to be upset about.  It really reminded me of this.)  Am I tripping?  Would you be upset if a friend had different standards for you?  And if they didn't listen at all when you were upset?  Despite you always hearing them out.  AITB here?
238	adjudicated	EAB	She(23f) moved out this past weekend and got the majority of her things. I(30f) was really upset that she gave a little more than 30 days notice, because I had spoken to her numerous times about my past horrible roommate experiences. My last roommate gave me 4 months and she said she would do the same but lied. She paid for February but still.   Anyway she came by the other night to grab some stuff and closed the door hard as she left. I hate door slams like that because loud sounds have traumatized me.   I go out to the door and yank it open and yell at her that she doesn’t need to slam it like that. She looked really surprised but also kind of disgusted when she told me she didn’t even slam it. But she did.   I then slam the door in her face to show her how it feels and she calls me a crazy b*tch.   So I scream at her that she’s a stupid c*nt. And she left.   God it feels so good to tell her off. AITBF?
107	adjudicated	NTB	I’ve (33m) dated my wonderful gf (32f) for a year now and things have been great. I am deeply in love and she feels the same way, and we’ve started talking about a life together.   As we got closer, my gf shared that she is guilty for how she treated some of her past relationships, basically a long string of guys that she led on or was selfish towards. I learned: she dumped an ex when he went through a health crisis because she didn’t care enough to stay through it, she made a past long distance ex always travel to see her because she didn’t like the city he lived in and didn’t want the hassle of travel; she told a few exes she started questioning her relationship with them and then strung them along for a few weeks until she finally broke up with them. She mentioned these things because sometimes she worries she doesn’t love anybody deeply the way that others do, and feels shame about that.   Now, I wasn’t a perfect boyfriend to all my exes either, but I’m a little worried about why she told me all this (was it a warning?) and whether I’m stupidly assuming I won’t be the next one she treats poorly? Things are great now, and I’m glad she reflected on past behavior, but now I feel confused. Would I be an idiot to keep dating her? Expect I would be treated differently? Should I be worried I’m next?  WIBTB if I keep dating gf after learning she was awful to her exes?
228	adjudicated	NTB	So for context, when I got in the relationship I was 17 and Jess (fake name) was 19.  I met her while I was working and we clicked pretty quickly. It was a lot of fun talking to her and walking around the building with her on my break.  I got her socials and we talked constantly by text and call. Jess was very odd but in a fun way at first. When we hung out she loved talking about her interests, no biggy, but when it came to my interests she would t really listen. She would even out right tell me it, saying this like, “yea I have no idea what you just said,” or “to be honest I wasn’t listening,” and then she’d talk about her interests, and I would listen intently. As a person with Autism my interests mean a lot to me and this was too much for me, not being able to express my love for certain things is hard-   But that wasn’t all. Jess would make comments about my appearance. I used to be super self conscious but recently have been very happy with my look. Then on out first date she mentioned that my teeth hygiene was bad and that she wasn’t “smiling because I thought my teeth were bad.” Another time she commented on my arm hair, yes I have more than a typical afab, but I was bullied about it a lot and hated when people mentioned it. I asked her to not do that and she said ok, but brought it up again anyway. And lastly she mentioned my double chin. I don’t have a double chin but I guess I was making a silly face which made it look like I did and she just had to point it out. I was very hurt by this.  Not only that but she was very manipulative. I won’t go into detail as there’s some very personal stuff she told me, but the way she talked about it felt like she was trying to make me stay. Also they kept bringing up the fact I was almost 18 which was uncomfy.  After two weeks of knowing Jess, I broke it off with them, told them how I felt, and practically ghosted them. When they didn’t get the message I blocked them, but they emailed me one day, and then another. Then recently they dropped by my house to give me a gift. I wasn’t home so my mom got it.   All of this has made me feel kinda bad, but still the things they were doing made me feel off. My step mom and my best friend said they felt off about Jess as well. So who knows- am I just over reacting? Or was I right to run away from this?   Extra context: I think I just really wanted to be in a relationship so I through myself at the first person who’d take me. I had just had a bad break up a few months prior where my ex gf started dating my friend I’ve know since kindergarten… but that’s a whole other thing.
230	adjudicated	NTB	I have had 3 exams this week through work. My lasty one is tomorrow morning and to celebrate finishing them I had booked a table at my favourite restaurant in town and then some cocktails bars afterwards for me and my girlfriend. We also have the cinema booked for Saturday and a day out on Sunday.  My girlfriend got a message from one of her friends saying she's going to be home for the weekend and asked if my girlfriend wanted to meet up. She suggested Friday to my girlfriend. My girlfriend mentioned this to me and apologised but said she doesn't know when she's going to see this friend next so she doesn't want to say no.  I mentioned suggesting the next day since we had no plans during the day on Saturday and I wouldn't mind cancelling the cinema if we had to but I didn't really want to cancel Friday since I've been looking forward to it for weeks.  My girlfriend said she was really looking forward to the cinema so doesn't want to cancel it, especially since we've bought tickets already. I told her I didn't really want to cancel Friday since it was supposed to be a celebration.  She said she doesn't have a choice but I just pointed out she has multiple alternatives but she refuses to even consider them. She accused me of not being understanding but I just pointed out she didn't give me a second thought as soon as something else came up.  She said I was being too harsh towards her and that I'm not being fair but I just pointed out that she knew how much I was looking forward to Friday night and yet she still didn't hesitate to cancel as soon as someone else wanted to meet up.  AITB for getting annoyed at the plans getting cancelled?
15	adjudicated	JB	I am 21(f) and he is 25(m) we met while when we were both seniors in college and have always had arguments about what he wants to do with his life. He started college a little later because after HS he didn't know what he wanted and decided to go work as a apprentice welder at his step dad's company but after about 2yrs decided he wanted to go to college to study business.  We both graduated in May and after I got a job in my field and started to apply to grad schools. He still didn't know what he wanted and was unemployed for 3 months he was staying in my house and I was paying for everything. I told him if he wasn't going to find a job in his field that's fine but that he needed to do something. He then told me that he was going to join the military (he later ended up not joining) .  Shortly after I became pregnant. When he found out I was pregnant suddenly all we would argue about is how he needs to figure out work. He ended up getting a job working overnight at Walmart and shortly after I started having a lot of complications causing me to be put on bedrest my first trimester and having to quit my job (I had been working less than 6m there and didn't qualify for any leave). He told me not to stress it and just focus on our baby and that he will take care of us for the entire duration of my pregnancy. I was essentially a stay at home girlfriend he took care of all the bills, groceries and made sure I got to and from all doctors appointments ( l didn't have a car). After our son was born, I decided to get a work from home job and continue to look into grad school do online. He continued to work overnight at Walmart and I asked him if that's what himself doing for the rest of his life, he said no, but that he still doesn't know what he wants and that he might go back to welding. A few months went by and it's the same conversation. He's an amazing father, but we often argue about finances in the strain. It causes on our relationship, and in our lives Because I feel like there wouldn't be as much strain if he just found a better job which he can do with his degree or he could go back to welding with his stepfather, but he refuses to do either.  Here's where I might be in the wrong . I understand that with that job, he took care of me during the entirety of my pregnancy, but he is capable of doing so much more as someone with welding experience, and a college degree. I feel like I am busting my a*s, working a job and going to grad school to make more money and give our son a better life but he seems content working at Walmart and it's starting to make me resent him. my family constantly asks me if he plans on just working there his entire life and I tell them no but I don't know what he's doing and it's gotten to the point where they're also constantly asking him what his plan is and causing conflict. we ended up getting into a huge argument over it and I told him that if in a year he is still working at Walmart I will leave him.
227	adjudicated	YTB	I (M27) was at the laundromat and majority of the time, I'm alone. But that's usually expected at 6-7am on a Saturday. The few times that I have company are usually older people, like in their 50s. Then one day, I actually get someone coming in who's much younger. Like, I'd say in her early 20s. We had a normal pleasantry "good morning". I made her laugh by asking her "did you just got out of bed" because she honest to god look like it. Her hair's a mess, no make-up and she's wearing an oversized sleepshirt and pajama bottoms. I know with a lot guys, this would be a turn off. But honestly, she looked adorable.  I thought she was new in the city but she told me no, she just moved into a better place. She talked about her dog, which I was little apprehensive at first (it's a pit bull) but then she started cooing how what a huge cuddlebug it is. Like I said, this girl is cute. I didn't get much info from her. Whenever there's silence, she'd look at her phone, but everytime I would speak up she'd always engage. Told her "I hope to see you again".  After 2 weeks, we did. We said our "how are you's". And then she left after starting the washer. Now as you know, you never leave your clothes unattended at the laundromat. So I was very confused. But she did come back like a few minutes after the washer finished.  I jokingly said, "welcome back" and she chuckled a little. I pointed her to the sign that says about not leaving your clothes unattended. She says that it's ok, she just went grocery shopping real quick. And then I said, "looking like that". She didn't seem offended, and again, I like how she looked and just teasing a little. She just shrugged. And then when she started the dryer, she attempted to leave again. Said she needs to drop off her groceries at home and walk her dog. I told her she shouldn't make this a habit but again, she says it should be fine. I told her I'll stay until she comes back just so nobody takes her clothes. She said I don't have to but I honestly didn't mind.  I eventually got worried because her dryer ended like 30 minutes after she came back. By this time a few people had came in. I asked her if she's ok. She said yes she just lost track of time. I assured her nobody took her stuff. She told me "thank you, you didn't have to do that". I told her "I wouldn't mind doing it again" and "see you later".  3 weeks went by and I still haven't seen her. I don't know if she went to a different laundromat or she's doing her laundry on a different day or time. And I can't help but wonder if it's because of me. I guess I was hoping she'd feel the same way as I did. Being excited to see me and talk to me. I realize that sounds egocentric, but I honestly thought we had a good connection. My friends didn't think I was intimating but since I don't know her much, they thought she probably had some issues.  So, AITB? (And if said girl is maybe somehow reading this, did I do something wrong?)  Edit: I am the BF. I'll admit that. Even though my intentions weren't harmful, she didn't know that. I guess I shouldn't talk to any woman, ever.
495	adjudicated	YTB	Using a throwaway account for privacy.  Recently my girlfriend of about 5 years has brought up the topic of marriage with me. For context, we have been dating since we were sophomores in high school, and we are both currently attending the same college (we are juniors right now). We plan to live together after we graduate.  I told her I wasn't sure if I wanted to get married, and that I would prefer that we just dated. She asked why, and I told her that it would make our lives easier and less stressful, especially since we wouldn't have to worry about divorcing. She said that she understood but I could tell from the look on her face that she was upset even though she was composed.  So, just to share some background: my parents divorced when I was younger and I watched them fight multiple times during the process, to the point where they screaming in each other's faces. Even though they had joint custody, I grew up raised by my mom and my dad was mostly absent from my life other than paying for child support and occasionally having Zoom calls with him. My mom was probably the only the parent that I really had in my life and the divorce has certainly affected both of us mentally for a long time. I don't want to get into it too much.  I think it is safe to say that me and my girlfriend are inseparable and we both love each other very much. We have the same values and goals, but it turns out that marriage isn't one of them. I am afraid that if we marry, something will happen later down the road that will result in a divorce. I mean, my parents met in grad school and were together for several years and never saw it coming - and look what happened. Having kids definitely made it harder for everyone involved. Granted, my girlfriend and I do not want to have kids so I guess that would make things easier if we ever married and divorced, but still.  This is just an example, but Hugo Weaving (the actor who played Agent Smith in The Matrix) has been dating his partner since 1984 - that's almost 40 years. And to this day they haven't married. So I can see it being possible for us to go the same route. I feel like our life would be easier if we just stayed boyfriend and girlfriend and didn't marry. I would rather break up than divorce, should it ever come to that (but I hope it never does).  I know I will have to have this conversation with her again, but I don't want her to hate me for not being interested in marrying her. Am I the buttface for feeling this way, or do I have every right to not be interested in marriage?
75	adjudicated	INFO	Me 20F and my bf 19M have been together for more than a year now and in college in a different state from where my mother lives. My mother 49F came to visit me about two weeks ago. My bf and I don't go to the same college and he lives with his parents and has to stody a lot because of his major, so we only see each other mostly during the weeknds and I usually sleep over at his, since his parents are out of town a lot due to their job. His parents also love me and are happy that I keep him company.  My mom, my brother and I, all went on vacation. I am not proud to say that my mother payed for my trip, since I didnt have the money at that time, but I have already started to save up and have been for quite some time now, in order to repay her. I had offered to pay for my trip when we booked it and I had the money, but she refused and I had to spend my savings for utilities and stuff, since I rent an apartment.  During the trip I had an awersome time and didn't spend nearly enough time talking to my bf, only about half an hour at night when she was doing other things. My mother was really obnoxious for the whole trip and acted like a knowitall, so sometimes I was evidently annoyed.  During visting a museum, I pointed out that we were going to the wrong direction and she blew out on me and told how annoying and ungrateful I was and my brother told me to go away and not talk to them. Upon returning to the hotel, they repeated how ungrateful and a brat I was and that I wan ruining their vacation and that they didn't want me there anymore. She also told me that she's waiting for us to break up, because then I would be alone and not act like I do right now.  After a few weeks, I went to visit them relunctantly, but I had already paid for my trip so it would be wasted money not to go and I didn't want to start anything else. I was obviously not in a great mood, because of what had happened, for which neither of them had apologised.  They were planning another trip, to which I wouldn't go and she got mad at me. I justified my opinion but she again lashed out on me, raging about my relationship. She also mentioned that she knows why my bf's parents were okay with me staying over and that I was blind not to have seen it, but when I asked her why, she said tahat she will let me figure that out in myself (if your have any idea lmk, I am really curious, even though I of course don't believe such thing).  During the conversation she cried a lot told me a lot of offensive stuff, as well as things about me that are false and triend to guilt trip me. I was very mad, but never raised my tone and only pointed out valid arguments. My bf said that he was also a bit annoyed because of the picture she painted him and his family, but ultimately told me that maybe she was still adjusting to me not living at home any more and the change that had brought to my mother's and my relationship.  I need advice!!
60	adjudicated	NBH	I know this is really silly and inconsequential, but I kinda want to know your opinion on this I am 36f, I live alone, but still receive help form my parents occasionally, because I have several disabilities that make living alone hard. I recently found some stickers online I really like and started decorating everything including my water bottles, my reader and even my laptop. I love to decorate and despite my age I still have an attachment to all things sparkly and cute, but usually I keep it contained to areas that are private like my house, especially the fandom stuff. I blame ADHD impulses for the sudden need to re decorate my space, but I just had a need to express myself creatively and I was stuck in a writing slump.  My mother said that it was rather childish and unprofessional and that people might judge me especially in a professional surrounding. I am torn on the one hand I can see where she is coming from, not just the stickers, but also the impulse baying. While the laptop is a private laptop that I rarely take to work, that may not always be the case. Also I often write in public places and fandom stickers like the ones I put on my laptop might give the wrong impression.  Here is a links to the reader and the water bottle [https://imgur.com/a/VeGZa9x](https://imgur.com/a/VeGZa9x)  What do you think was I being childish? Should I take them off or leave them on?  **Edit:** sorry for rambling  &amp;#x200B;
299	adjudicated	NTB	I have a group of friends and we've been a group for a while but some of us have started to distance (one guy is getting engaged, another has joined his bf's friend group, etc.) so I kind of separated my friend group into sections- close friends (the ones I can feel that I can drop my guard around), close-ish friends (the ones I can tell a little bit more about what's going on) and the peripheral friends (just like chilling together and don't talk about any of the deep stuff).  The last 5 years have been an absolute disaster but three of the friends have been there. I think just how bad things gotten really showed who your true brothers in arms are and who's just a friend in name.  Our friend group (all 3 categories) usually do birthdays together but this year I'd like to have one with just my brothers in arms privately then another one with everybody else.  WIBTH for having an exclusive party?
222	adjudicated	YTB	I’m turning 20 this year. I was supposed to go uni 2022, but I had a depressive episode about having no friends and isolating so I contacted some old ones. They were  in general nice and one arranged to meet up. I decided to ghost and ignore them and use them as a safety blanket and rather not harness any effort into the friendship (admittedly I’m wrong for that). I was very sensitive about the friendship topic and was more focussed on my anxiety and feared becoming depressed like that again. I went to college for 2 years (between high skl and uni in UK). And it was horrible I started lying to my parents it was online (because of covid), so I stayed at home because I couldn’t make new friends and everyone else moved on and made some. I felt isolated and anxious around this time I reached out to therapy but was too ashamed to speak of my issues (was 17).   I then started using my parents money on cabs where my mum would accompany me on her day off, She said at the time “how will you overcome your anxiety if you don’t face the public?”. I was proactive about getting in therapy again so I was on a 6 mo waitinglist, mum told me to tell them the full severity of mysituation . I was very much procrastinating in terms of uni here. And one day during my time living in virtually in a bubble my neighbour who is a few months older than me was going out somewhere and I asked my mum where she thought she was going and she assumed friends house maybe?. I was furious and threw a tantrum, I asked her why she assumed that knowing my situation. “She said everyone has friends to use them”. She clarified that she said I should use them as support to start uni but I was dismissive and said I’d rather start alone. My parents got bills for my spending and was angry,understandably but paid it and asked me to worry about my future. My mum said I should get a small hours job (she emphasised not for money but for my anxiety), I brushed it off.  I spent the next month constantly seeking validation for my loneliness from her and Reddit, I was told I was wrong, and being rude to my mum 95% of the time. This one time me and my brother was coming home and we saw the girl my mum assumed about and Ihad an outburst  at my brother for no reason because I was anxious. My mum later said “just because you don’t want friends doesn’t mean everyone else doesn’t either”. She mostly reassured me that I did have friends and I pushed them away and I should Move on. She quit her evening job so she can spend more time with me.   I’ve started therapy and feel in a better headspace, like I’ve overcome the hurdle of leaving the house without my parents.  I don’t post on Reddit like that anymore . But my mum has with the help of my brother. She said she feels that she failed me and wished she took me to counselling earlier but her English isn’t good but she was always making meetings with my head of year in school whenever I was bullied and she accompanied me to my first therapy appointments after work.could be worth asking for a group session with me and mum but I'm not sure if they could accommodate that. 
216	adjudicated	NTB	I 24f have been telling my bf 26m that I want to work on my social anxiety and start making friends. We have been together for 9 years. For many reasons, I haven't had close friends since highschool. He said that he's worried about me making friends and that he's feeling insecure about how those relationships will effect our relationship. I reassure him everytime that things will be alright.  Wednesday, I decided that I was going to go out at 9pm on Friday. I invited my bf and two, not so close, ex coworkers that he knows. Friday comes, my boyfriend knows the plans. He was in charge of getting our son 4m in bed at 8pm, because I would be otw home from work at that time. Before I left to go to work at 5, I made sure the house was clean and dinner was ready so there would be no problems when I got home. My son's grandmother was going to stay home with him.   At 7:45, i was at work my boyfriend called asking to give our son melatonin so we could go out. I told him not to because our son woke up at 4am that morning and didn't nap the entire day and i dont want to give it to him if he's already exhausted. I could hear our son arguing how he wasn't ready to go to bed. At 8, I hung up and drove 12 mins home and our son was asleep when I got home.   I started to get dressed as soon as I got there and my bf sat on his phone. I offered to help him find something to wear and he made a comment about how I need to help myself because I was in my underwear. I explained that I was looking for an outfit and i was only offering because he said he had nothing to wear and were tight on time. Then he yelled at me saying he needed a minute after having to argue with our son about bed time. We bickered, so I told him he didn't have to yell and got up and went to the bathroom.   I'm dressed at 8:35. I tell him I'm ready but he's sitting in the same spot. I ask him if he's even going and then we start to argue. He's saying we should have just given him melatonin and I need to pick his outfit. I reiterated what I said earlier and we continued to argue about how I shouldnt rush him. At that point I felt like he was intentionally trying to make us late, because he had from when he got home at 3pm till when I got home from work to find an outfit. So, I'm frustrated and start talking to him like I speak to our son. "I dont want to argue. I want to get there at a good time. You can get up now and we can figure out the outfit or I'll just go with out you."   He said he didnt like how i was talking to him and not to invite him to things if his presence is optional. He also said he didn't ask for help he just wanted a second to sit and that it was clear I didn't want to go or else I'd be helping him find an outfit. Frustrated, I told him to just put something on if he was coming and went to warm the car up. When I came back inside, he was sitting in the same spot with no clothes on. So I left him and had a good time with my coworkers.  He's mad at me but i don't feel bad about it. So, am I the buttface for leaving him after he showed no motivation to get ready?  Edit** Our son was home asleep with his grandmother. She lives with us.  Update 2/5 we got into a huge fight about how he was tired and that's why he yelled. He said that I was not understanding enough about him being tired. I had no idea he was tired, until after he yelled about it.
453	adjudicated	JB	I received alot of presents I like and Im grateful to have them. However I got a book I probably won't read, the wrong pair of garden shears and a bag that is not my style. The first 2 are from my mum and I could probably return them without telling her. The bag is from my lovely sister and I don't think I would use it.
493	adjudicated	NBH	just wanted to update the current situation, thank you to everyone who gave their opinions and advice. if you haven’t read my previous two posts in this sub do so before reading this as it will not make sense lol.  So it has been 6 months since this happened. Millie and I never became friends again after the second falling out over Jaden. She is still in our group but me and her do not speak to each other at all. You’d think it’s awkward but it’s actually not as we did this for 3 years over another silly fight a few years ago.  A week after Millie tried taking Jaden away from me she started talking to one of Jadens best friends which i thought was not a coincidence. We will call him Peter. Peter is a well known player and uses girls, Millie knew this before talking to him. Basically it went on for 3 months with no progress at all, he never actually liked her because the whole time he was going over to other girls houses. I do feel bad for her but she knew what she was getting herself into.  But me on the other hand, I am in a happy healthy relationship with Jaden now. We are the perfect match and couldn’t be more happy i chose him over her. She did say to our friends she wants to forget the whole situation and wants me to hear her out but there’s nothing to hear her out on imo. She was wrong and she knows that now. I gave her to many second chances and i’m done.  Thank you again to everyone who supported me&lt;3
443	adjudicated	NTB	I’ve been sick since the 23rd, no fever or anything severe but I’ve had some stomach issues, a constant headache and disorientation.   I’ve done the best I can to rest and recover but to no avail and it is now to the point where I had to leave on the 23rd due to this illness.   I don’t celebrate Xmas anymore and spent the last few days trying to rest which resulted in a horrid series of nightmares but that’s beside the point.  I still feel horrid, head pounding a mile a minute and I can’t think too well. Feels like I’m drunk or high tbh. I called in for tmw cause I’m scheduled in for 12 hours at retail and I know I won’t be able to preform let alone drive.   AITBF for calling in despite not suffering anything major? Should I just suck it up and hope for the best?
202	adjudicated	EAB	I have been with my girlfriend for just under 3 years. She has had 2 previous relationships that both ended when they cheated on her. Her first boyfriend she has not spoken to in 6 years and the other one she hasn't spoken to in 4 years.        Her first boyfriend recently messaged asking how she has been and just wanting to catch up. She told me about it and told me she was planning on replying. I told her I didn't see why she'd want to bother talking to him when he's not in her life anymore but just said I can't stop her talking to him.        She told me a couple more times when he messaged but I've noticed his name popping up on her phone quite a bit when we've been sat watching videos on her phone etc. Last night she said she wanted to talk. She said she thinks I've been distant and that it's like I don't love her anymore.   I asked her to elaborate but she wouldn't/ I just said it seems pretty convenient and coincidental that she's saying this now after her ex has started messaging her. I pointed out it looks like she's projecting since she's the one spending more time on her phone now and it's obvious she's talking to him more than she's making it seem.         She said it had nothing to do with him but I just repeated it seems like a big coincidence that she's talking about supposed problems we have after he ex has started messaging her.   She accused me of deflecting the issues and not listening to her. AITB for pointing out that it looks like my girlfriend is projecting?
413	adjudicated	YTB	So my grandma has her 90th birthday today. Because it's also New Year's Eve there will be atleast 30 family members there. I really hate big parties so i decided to not go. I'm not really close to my grandma as she only speaks a language that i can barely speak and she's 90 years old for gods sake. My dad was really disappointed that i wouldn't come but i don't see any reason why i would be obligated to go as she is surrounded by so many loving family members inlcuding at the very least 4 other grand children. My gradnma has 17 grand children in total and most of them are closer to her than i am but due to me and my brother being the only sons of her sons we have a sort of special meaning in the family structure, which i absolutely detest. Very old fashioned but it is what it is. I don't know if this matters at all but i thought i should mention it.   My whole point is that i dont have anything against my grandma but i don't think i have to be there as she has so many loving people around her including her grandchildren.    So AITA or should they just accept that i do not like to be around a lot of people?
69	adjudicated	YTB	2 years ago when i was 13 I cut my first friend in highschool(John 14M then) out of my life, in some ways he went from being serious all the time to completely annoying always coming up with a obvious lie that he claims was his way of joking, it didn't help much that he was wild and would take things too far like overdoing the constant quoting of shows and movies and on one occasion he ended accidentally up hurting one of our friends when they were rough housing.I told John some hurtful things and blocked him on all social media I personally didn't know or cared that me cutting him out of my life would cause everyone else to drop him all the same, they often made comments about how he was always sitting alone at lunch or how they never invite him anywhere. even after dropping him he tried for months to make amends but I was just not having it.  3 months ago I found out that John made a new group of friends and one of them(Jane 15F) just so happens to be someone I talk to online(she only talked to me because John told her about me). when we met in person she was with her group of friends including John, John treated me like always, happy to see me and I acted like nothing happened between us.   Not surprising John's new friends also hate him but the only difference is they bully him because they think he is childish because he is always happy. it only took a while for John to finally let what I did to him overtake his constant happiness, due to the constant bullying and everyone treating me better than him, John spoke his mind and told me he doesn't want a repeat of last time where everyone is nice to me but hate him, he also doesn't want to spend another 2 years alone, he gave me the same treatment I did where he blocked me I tried to apologies like he did years ago but he didn't care. his new friends all messaged me and told me to not pay him any mind but my sister told me it was Karma?
23	adjudicated	JB	   To keep it short, I was sexually assaulted by my ex-girlfriend back in September 2022. She continued to harass me and hide what she did for the majority of my senior year, leaving me with no friends or people to rely on. She used her influence as the senior representative of our grade to tell people to leave me alone and not talk to me. If they did not do that, she would harass them too.  I kept quiet because we were originally in a secret queer relationship and her parents are really religious (they literally run the local temple). I also stayed docile because I feared speaking out due to the harassment my ex gave me to keep me quiet in the first place.  My friends knew about what happened to me, but brushed it off because they feared my ex's influence. One time I brought up how I might go to the school or police about it, and they told me not to because I "would ruin my ex's life." (I did come forward to it with the school and police eventually, but never pressed charges in the end)  They cut me off shortly after that because they feared being harassed due to association with me. I blocked them on everything, but now I've realized how wrong and unfair things were. I now know I am allowed to seek justice too, and ultimately I just want my story to be heard after my ex continues to face no consequences. Sometimes I feel she is even praised and uplifted, it destroys me.  I feel hesitance to come forward because it really has been a long time since I've spoken to them (about 9 months), and I know they were harassed too so they didn't exactly have a great experience either. But I feel so much resentment when I keep feeling overlooked and shunned off.  Is it wrong of me to reach out?
344	adjudicated	NTB	Yesterday, my boyfriend (21M) and I (19F) had a huge argument. My boyfriend can occasionally get possessive and jealous easily, which never really bothered me, but yesterday's conversation took an unexpected turn.   He had questioned if I held hands with my female friends. I’m bisexual, so I can tell that he was suspicious about my closeness to them. I explained I held hands with them occasionally in crowded areas or when walking alone at night.   Though he didn’t say it, I could tell he was upset. I emphasized that physical touch isn't always romantic, especially between girls. Women holding hands, even women who are attracted to other women doesn’t necessarily imply romantic attraction. I also shared my concerns about safety as a woman. Holding hands with each other in sketchy places helps us feel safer. Though not condemning all men, I explained I have a general fear of being alone with a man or crowds of men since I had been sa’d before. He responded, suggesting I was overly fearful, comparing my caution to common stereotypes about women. “You’re acting like every man is going to kidnap you. You say you aren’t judgemental of people but you’re like every other woman on the subject of men.”   Me being offended by that, I asked what that was supposed to mean. He then went on to say, “The way you say it it seems like you’d be terrified of me if you didn’t know me.” I told him I wouldn’t be terrified of him individually, it’s a general thing. I told him not only is he and most other men physically stronger and bigger than I am it’s just a common occurrence for women to be sa’d since statistically speaking, 1 out of 4 women will experience it in their lifetime. I, being the one out of four, am terrified of it happening again. I don’t fear every man. I fear every man I don’t know and don’t trust.   The conversation escalated when he raised unrelated hypothetical scenarios and questioned the validity of women's assault claims. Saying things like, “So you think a guy is sexually harassing you if he tries to walk past in a crowd and accidentally grazes your ass???” And “It’s just so many women will let a guy have sex with her and then say it’s rape. So many guys are wrongly accused.” Feeling hurt and accused of exaggerating my own experience, I've been distant since.   He’s called and texted me several times, saying he understands why he upset me and he’s sincerely sorry. Despite his numerous apologies, I'm struggling to forgive him, particularly because he diverted the discussion away from my genuine fear and experience in order to make a point. This wasn’t supposed to be an argument. It was supposed to be me telling him how I felt. AITBF for not forgiving him after a sincere apology?  TLDR; Boyfriend questioned my fear of men after a past sa, dismissed safety concerns because he felt personally attacked, and diverted the conversation to stereotypical and uncommon scenarios of women lying for attention. Despite apologies, I'm struggling to forgive him. AITBF for not forgiving him after a sincere apology?  UPDATE: I appreciate everyone’s input. I decided to fully reveal to my boyfriend exactly how I was feeling. I basically took this post and directed it towards him. I still don’t know what I’m going to do with whether or not I’m going to stay with him. However he recently just said this to me:  “I'm sorry for what I said; I really am. I didn't mean to direct everything towards you. I guess I was just trying to make my own opinions more valid than yours. Yes, I know I shouldn't. It was more of a defensive thing, and I'm sorry. I truly do love you, and I'm sorry for upsetting you; that wasn't my intention. I understand why you're fearful of them, considering I've had a similar experience with the opposite sex. I really am sorry. I love you so much.”  I’m pained to say this only made me decision harder. I can’t tell if this was a one-off thing. I’m wondering only apologizing so I won’t leave, or if he’s apologizing because he’s sincerely sorry. 
462	adjudicated	EAB	Me(18M) and my gf (18F) are in a bit of scuffle because i've kept a secret about one of my female friends due to me being scared of a reaction. For context we've been dating for around half a year, and we've had a bit of a rocky relationship since the start. She has a lot of trust issues due to her past relationship and i've been pretty supportive in assuring her i'm there for her. I (and she agrees with this) tend to deal with most of the shit in the relationship. Arguments tends to lead to mostly she's dishing out insults and I just kind of take it, because I don't really want to fight back or make things worse then they already are. i'm a very non-confronting person and when we get into arguments I kind of tend to shut down, and she kind of takes this into her own interpretation on what she believes happened (assuming things I did, etc.)  Some other contexts, this friend I have i met when I was already dating my gf, we have same major, same classes etc, and we have a mutual friend that we work on hw together and what not. we are in the same club and a lot of our conversations are about school, it is purely platonic  My gf has called herself a "jealous" person in the past, and has mentioned that if I had female friends she would be upset and jealous. Keep in mind, I dont want to keep this a secret and it wasn't like i was having some secret affair which she thinks i'm having, but I knew because of the reaction she would have, it wasn't worth all the stress and emotion, so i just didn't say anything about it. Fast forward a couple months, we're out on a date and this friend texts me, responding to a msg like 2 days ago. And she just completely shuts down, I ask her what's wrong, she doesn't answer, and the whole mood of the date is just ruined. I'm driving her back home and then she starts talking, accusing me of cheating, or implying it heavily, and we kind of have a standstill and stop talking.  Next day she texts me and starts saying things like "are you texting her?", "you probably like her more then me", that kind of phrasing. she doesn't ask me who she is, she immediately jumps to a conclusion that i'm cheating on her, or to that effect. I deny it of course, because it's not true, but she turns very passive aggressive at times, and accusatory, when I don't even get the chance to explain it without being interrupted and accused. And we've been ping balling back and forth of her bringing it, me defending myself, me thinking its finally over and then brought up again. the last argument she agreed she wouldn't bring it up again and apologized for her behavior, but I'm wondering if this is normal? I feel like i'm not trusted and thrown accusations at, and then I'm just supposed to pretend like it never happened because she finally calmed down?  tldr gf is mad at me because i lied about having a female friend, but i was afraid of her reaction so i chose to stay quiet, i feel guilty for lying but I also feel her response was inappropriate. am I in the wrong?
166	adjudicated	YTB	I know this sounds bad but let’s start from the beginning it was start of 10th grade my friends we will call them Violet and Nevaeh. So at the end of 9th grade Nevaeh started dating this boy named Carter. The relationship Was going good but they break because Nevaeh moved away. After a month Nevaeh starts dating Carter again. I like Carter durning that time but it was a crush. They broke up again and I found out Cafter liked me. I really liked him and asked Nevaeh if I could date Carter she said yes. But that is not where it ends. So out of nowhere Violet  say “I am dating Carter” I am like what the hell.She knew I liked him i asked if they could break up cause I don’t want boys to get in the way of our friendship. She said no that is weird you like my boyfriend. I was angry but whatever. Then I found out that theater the only reason Cater dated Violet was cause one of  Violet 12 grader friends told him to date Violet he did it for like a week and broke up with her. He wants to date me. What do I do??  So WIBTB if I date my best friends ex bf  Short Update: Yesterday after I posted this I talked to my school counselor and told her everything. Right now I think violet is cause it drama for drama. I also told her what her friend said she was kinda pissed. One of my friends let’s call her Layla. Layla was hanging out with one of her other friends and violet came and said “I don’t know why Macey (my name) was mad at me”. She told me that night and I was pissed because the counselor said she would talk to violet. She also started telling her friends and spreading drama. Most people are on my side. Layla says I should ruin her reputation and stuff like that I don’t know what to do. Today I have a snow day so I will update again on Wednesday.
474	adjudicated	JB	I(20M) have been dating this girl(22F) for almost year now. we had a happy relationship up until November when she started to be hostile towards me and whenever I ask what's wrong she just ignores or makes a misandrist comment.  This month there was a Christmas themed anime convention and my gf wanted to go badly, I was okay with the Idea and made sure to buy our all access tickets thinking it was going to be a great date idea, boy was I wrong. on the day of the event my Gf arrived before me and was waiting in a long line with one of her friends(21M), I went up to her, greeted her and asked if she ate for the morning, all of sudden she was shy and refused to make eye contact with me she answered my questions but her friend was staring me down as If I committed a crime. when I stood beside her she told me I needed to go to the back of the line because I can't cut, I listened and did exactly what she said.   While waiting in line I can see my Gf's mood change she was laughing and talking to her friend. I was giving her the benefit of the doubt until I saw more of her friends arriving and standing with her in the line, I had a bad feeling and told my self it was best to leave so I sold my ticket and used the money to buy myself a pizza and took it home.   about 6 hours later my gf suddenly texts me asking where I was because she is hungry and forgot her purse and the vip after party ticket home. I told her ask her friends but they only had money for themselves and their dates. I told her I was not leaving my house again for the day and she got upset with me because not only did I refuse to help her, she is not going to the after party with all her friends because of me? and I bought a pizza for myself and didn't share.  She got even more pissed when she said she wanted a break up and I just agreed.
468	adjudicated	NTB	My boyfriend's roommate displays concerning behavior. I tried to surprise my boyfriend on his birthday and asked his roommate to let me into the apartment to leave his surprise. She not only agreed but suggested gifts, which I thought was super helpful and nice. Yet, upon my return with the gift, she had texted my boyfriend, ruining it. In another incident, she invited my boyfriend to an event with her and her friends, while I was standing right next to him. Now, while on a month-long international trip, she left her dog alone in the apartment without a sitter. Days later, she asked my boyfriend to care for the dog, which he has. Additionally, she sent a photo of her bikini line and poolside view to my boyfriend during her trip. When I asked about this, he dismissed it as innocent, stating while strange, there's nothing wrong with her sending a picture of her knees while poolside. My boyfriend views all these incidents as unrelated or non-issues, unlike my perspective, where I see them as indicative of a lack of boundaries between roommates and a pattern of inappropriate behavior. Am I unreasonable to ask my BF to address his roommate's behavior?   CONTEXT: I am friends with my bf's roommate. They have two other roommates who are also women that I am friends with. My boyfriend, who isn't very close to his roommates, has been frustrated by her request to care for her dog during the holidays (his other roomies are away.) My bf told me despite giving her boyfriend a key to the apartment while she's away, she still asked my boyfriend to watch her dog. I literally have no issues with her, I've just noticed a trend that seems worth addressing. She said she had no problem letting me into the apt to give my bf his gift (I misplaced his house key) only to tell my bf I was there and ask if it's okay for her to let me in when I came back as agreed. My bf and I ran into her at a cafe when she invited him for a night out. While I think the invite is strange, she could've at least pulled him aside to ask rather than ask him in my face to hang out just the two of them.  Also, I am NOT forcing boundaries. The question was is my perspective unreasonable and does it warrant a conversation with my boyfriend.