477	adjudicated	NTB	So basically I invited a few people to come over to my house then we go to a bar that's 30 minutes away from us. My friend was freaking out and I told them it's fine we can split it. She then told me no you invited therefore you pay. We went back and forth a little and I ended it because if she doesn't go then other guests wouldn't go. And it would just be me and my other friend.   I'm thinking about conversing about it again.  The uber fee will be $100 roundtrip since it's 6 ppl. I can afford the $100, but I think it would be fair to also be paid back.   Am I wrong for asking everyone to pay me back a split for sharing a ride from my house to the Destination and back to their 5 separate houses?
8	adjudicated	NTB	Hi all, I’ve had a lot of people say it was a good idea but I had recently read a lot of stories about people trying to reconcile being judged as assholes or stalkers, and I want to make sure I am not one of these people.  I (18m) had a breakup with my ex (19f). We had a good relationship but she had family issues. I had been helping her out long before we started dating. I stepped in with her permission and got authorities involved (December 2022, we were both 17). It backfired, her parents found out who I was and then they harassed her. She was telling me she was feeling faint and having trouble breathing. I was liable for anything bad that happened so I informed the authorities and the cops showed up at her place. Her trust in me died that day.  We did try to fix things, but it took a nosedive in June last year. I had been going through a lot and my mental state collapsed (hers was already pretty bad understandably). She got upset that I wasn’t doing anything about it (my state is notorious for bad quality of care and bad accessibility to care). It had been going on for some time and I even grew insecure and paranoid because everyone said she was gonna try and cheat on me.  It got worse when college started for both of us. She was good in high school but was not doing well in college, while for me it was the opposite. She became a workaholic.  In October she admitted to me that she was 1. enabling my paranoia and depression for her own gain, 2. Toying with me for her own entertainment, 3. Lying, and then I asked why and then she toyed with me again saying “how do you know I actually did these things?” Kept going and going until a friend of ours confirmed what she had said.  In November we promised to fix things, even if we were separated for any reason. I saw her in December (it was long distance). A week after I left, she dumped me, claiming that I was just too unstable for her (gee, I wonder why). I told her I was gonna leave her be while I worked on myself and she said she’d wait. Thankfully I was in a different state with better care and immediately started seeing a shrink (I genuinely want to fix myself for myself only, I’ve been depressed for several years).   My plan is to work on myself, return to her, apologize, regain trust, and go from there. All of my friends are for it, the only people against it being a friend of mine (a former narcissist and said my ex is a sociopath), an ex of my ex (he said it was a terrible idea and told me how she absolutely fucked him up), and my mother (who is jealous because I was the only person who gave her attention until my gf showed up, and thinks I’m stalking). If it doesn’t work, fine. If she snaps at me, I’m out. If she gets bored because I can’t be toyed further, I’m out.  I’m actually on a completely different account on the site where we usually communicate and haven’t touched my main one in ages.   So, AITB for trying to reconcile after self improvement? 
438	adjudicated	NTB	So I 20m have a friend 19f. I thought we were close but obviously I’ve done something to piss her off in this situation.  Basically I’ve been away a few months and she said to shout her when I was back. I did and asked if she wanted to just meet up. She seemed keen on it and was like yeah.   It got to the day we were meant to and I snapped her and she was still saying yeah in the morning, but then when I tried to message to arrange a time she opened my message but didn’t reply. I thought nothing of it as she sometimes doesn’t reply. So a few hours later I messaged again just like yeah or nah? and she didn’t even open that one and it’s been a few days and still not opened. Normally I’d just take this as yeah you don’t wanna talk I’ll leave you be but again I considered this friend proper close.  So I’m just wondering wibta if I texted her saying like what the issue is if there is one because as far as I know I haven’t done anything, we barely spoke while I was away and she was fine with me when I got back but then has randomly gone like this. My thinking is just ask to see if it is something I’ve done and then if she ignores or whatever I can just leave her be just don’t wanna lose a friend over what might be small shit. But like I said I’m shit at social stuff and dunno if I’d be being an ass by doing this.  Thanks
28	adjudicated	JB	I (29F) been married to my husband(29M) for 8 years and we have 2 kids.  We are working at the same place, since it offers flexible hours and its next to our kids school.  &amp;#x200B;  Backstory: 6 years ago my husband got into an addiction to cocaine, I found out after one night after his work shift he sent me a message saying he needed this (substance) ,withdrew all our money, turned off his cellphone and went to a house with other coworkers to party and do a LOT of substance to the point he nearly died, after this I found out about other things, like that this coworker would share cocaine with him and they would do it during work hours.  My husband asked for an opportunity to change and get better, he quit his job, switch to another where he didn't have coworkers, I accepted to help him, for us and our family, It was AWFUL, the symptoms of dry hungover, his mood swings, it was a long exhausting journey.  I always tell my husband I forgave what he put us through but I don't forget and I don't trust him (about substance)   He´s been clean for 5 1/2 years, we started this job two weeks ago and we realized this guy ( the one he would do cocaine with) is working there, when I saw him all of those bad moments came back to my mind, I felt upset and I communicated that to my husband he told me: "just get over it, this was 6 years ago, it wont happen again"  Yesterday I told him,  I'm embarrassed to see him at the least, I was the one looking for him that night (since my husband barely made it home) He knows who I am, I asked my husband please to not talked to him, ignore him and just pretend he doesn't know him, the amount of ptsd I get from seeing him is horrible, I told all of this to my husband he said he would not talk to him anymore.  today , ran into them talking about work and stuff, I told my husband I asked you to stay away from him , my husband says I'm overreacting and that I should get over it , that he wont stop talking to him just because I say so, I told him again all the reasoning behind my request but he denied, I told him I want a divorce, I feel this is a breakpoint for me, because I was there for him to get clean all the way through and all I asked was respect, that I don't want that person near him.  Now he is saying I'm an AH for divorcing over this, and that I'm overreacting , Am i the buttface for wanting a divorce over this?
391	adjudicated	YTB	Was drinking with a group of people and some friends and it got to the discussion of where I mentioned I get super affectionate when drunk with friends. It is endless hugs, and ‘I love you’s’ to friends. Anyways I was talking with one of friends about this but how I thought it is weird to be as affectionate with male friends even though it’s coming from a platonic place. Him mentioned that it could be completely platonic and was like “let’s try it” so we did, we cuddled on the couch like fucking weirdos. I wouldn’t have done this if sober, especially not cuddling, especially not if he suggested it. And I guess a girl he had a crush on seen it and she got upset. I feel really bad and guilty and given this is the first time I hung out with most of these people, I’m worried I might’ve given them the wrong impression. I know I’m kind of blowing this up in my mind but I’m just worried about giving them the wrong impression and thinking I’m that kind of girl who would throw herself at guys.   It was completely platonic on my end and I’m assuming and hoping it was on his side as well. I was drunk and didn’t think through how weird it was at the time. I generally hug everyone when I drink but I do understand that hugging and cuddling are very different, especially now that I’m sober. I just feel grossed out with that, like a pick me or even a homewrecker.   I think another aspect adds to that is a lot of people there kept trying to get me to talk to his cousin, who has a long distance GF, just because he was liking me that night. From what I heard is that they were working out an open-relationship but she also called him that night worried because he was having drinks with girls there. To me that’s definitely an idea that they haven’t worked out any of the implications of their “open-relationship”. It was just wild to me that people kept tryna get me to talk to him and even try to justify it on his end, “he has physical urges”, like okay?? He doesn’t need me for that, he can go handle that himself lmfao. I just feel disrespected that people really thought I was the type to let that slide and possibly hook up with a guy who has a gf. Just because she wasn’t there. He’s so wrong for that.   Just being in those situations I feel like people might get the wrong impression that I’m the kind of person to do that or be like that. I did call that guy out for trying to hit on me despite having a gf but for the others I’m not sure how I should handle it, or even if its that big of a deal that I should bring it up to people and apologize. Was I in the wrong? I know to some extent, I was. But how badly did I mess up?
198	adjudicated	JB	Hi- this is my first time posting on reddit so…yeah,  I (16 female) was in class talking with my friend (16 male) , this Friend is often picked on because he’s quite nerdy and a large guy, so these idiots who often pick on my Friend started making snarky remarks, I was quite fed up by them so in a moment of anger I leaned closer to one of them and said ‘if you talk to us again, I’ll cut your dick off.‘  the friend I was sticking up for found it hilarious but my other friend said it was uncalled for and I shouldn’t have said anything but I was so fed up by it and I don think I was an ass,  I dont know what do you guys think?? 
62	adjudicated	NTB	   This happened a few days ago and one of my (19f) brothers Carson (13m) is still giving me the cold shoulder over it. A week ago, my parents left for a business trip and left me and my brothers home alone. Everyday, our parents would check up on us before we'd go about our day. For most of that week, Carson was sick, so I'd keep track of what medicine he took and what time he took it as well as call his school to report his absence. I'd also go to university a little later to make sure my other brother Felix (9m) went to school.  On Thursday, Carson felt slightly better, so we decided that he'd go to school on Friday. I returned from university a little later (at 6:00PM), and almost immediately, my parents called me to go to the pharmacy near our place to buy some cough syrup in case Carson needed it, so I did. I felt very tired and sleepy afterwards since it was a long day, so I decided to take a nap.  I expected to sleep for only 1-2hrs, but I guess I was very sleepy because I woke up at 1 in the morning. I stepped into the hallway to get myself a drink of water, but then I heard some noises downstairs. I walked to the living room to find Carson watching tv. I probably wouldn't have cared if it weren't for the fact that it was a school night, so I confiscated the remote and told Carson to go to bed. He smiled and walked to his room in the basement.  Then I went to check on Felix, only to find him watching videos on his phone, so I did the same to him. Then I remembered that it would be a garbage day the next morning, so I went outside to take the trash out, when I noticed the basement lights were on. I walked downstairs to find Carson on his phone. Exasperated, I took his phone and the other remotes in the basement (since the room had TVs as well) and told him that if I caught him doing that again, I'd call Mom. He obliged, then I walked upstairs, only to hear Felix running around giggling. Having had enough of their actions, I yelled that I'm telling Mom and did just that.  She was very mad, and asked me to go to their rooms with video camera on so she could scold them. Carson was silently crying, while Felix pretended to sleep, then she told me to clean the kitchen, and then study for a bit before going back to sleep, which I did.  In the morning, Carson was very pissed off with me for calling Mom on him. He didn't want to do anything I told him to because of what I did, including taking his daily medicine. He also refused to help me out with the house chores out of spite, despite the fact that it would be the day that our parents would return.  In the end, even though he mostly got over it, he still is being upset with me, so I have to wonder if I went a little too far with this. AITB?
77	adjudicated	NTB	TLDR:   Made a joke about a coworker who make inappropriate jokes getting in trouble for sexual harassment and got  yelled at for it.       Full Context:  My supervisor had announced that she would be shuffling our seating arrangements so that i and the other juniors could be positively influenced be our seniors on the team.  When they announced that Tiff(F20) would be placed next to Vick(M32) I made the comment to Tiff that Vick would need a lawyer soon and when she asked why I explained "for the sexual harassment suite you'll be filing against him within a week". As far as I can tell she took the joke pretty well considering how she doubled over and started slapping her knee but when she tells Tay(F22) another of the juniors on the team the joke that's when things get weird. Tay immediately defends Vick telling me how it's inappropriate to make a joke like that about someone I work with, which would be fair if Vick had never said anything that could be seen as sexual harassment but he damn well has and in front of the entire team including our supervisor.  This is the guy who's made poorly veiled r word jokes towards female coworkers on the team and has jokingly suggested scenarios where he's threatened to assault or otherwise coerce female coworkers into doing favors for other male coworkers if they paid him. He once said to Saph(F19) "oh the things i would do to you if the r word was legal" and to Cal(M23) "for $5k I'll get Kim(F24) to show up at your front door any night you want". He's said shit like this in full earshot of not just our entire team but everyone on the production floor.  So I was a little surprised that Tay would defend him when she knows exactly why I'd make a joke like this. It gets worse because when Vick gets back from his lunch break Tay doesn't waste any time telling him what I said causing him to lean over the cubical wall and start yelling at me about accusing him of sexual harassment. Then when I point out some of what he's said his response is basically that I should mind my own business and if what he's saying is so bad why have none of the girls on the team reported him. He then sits down and starts complaining about me to another guy on the team who's giving him full support and saying stuff along the lines of I'm a dick for not minding my own business and that I'm not worth the time.  What's worse is the response from Tay, during training she and some other girls in our training group singled out this guy on our team and were saying shit behind his back. To quote them directly "he looks like a r\*\*ist" and "i could feel him undress me with his eyes". All this guy did was dose off staring in the general direction of one of the girls in our training group and that was enough to have this group of girls say these things about him. So color me surprised when Tay a girl from this same group can hear the stuff that Vick says and somehow defend him.  How the fuck am i the asshole/buttface?
280	adjudicated	NTB	I don't want to share what exactly we were talking about, so I'll use 'shopping'. It's work related.  He asked me if I've done my shopping yet, and that it's probably time. I said I was thinking about shopping at the mall. He said that he thinks ordering online is better. I asked why he thought that and he explained. I counter argued and said I still want to do it my way. He said 'okay then, but I've been online shopping before and everyone i know who needed to shop, does it online and they have no problems.' It went back and forth like this, until I got pissed and said sth like: 'just let me go shopping the way I want to!' He said: 'why do you have to make a discussion about a small thing again?' I said: 'Are you f kidding me?' He said: 'Why are you getting so emotional?' I was getting super angry and frustrated, trying to explain that I felt like he was pushing me to this point and I didn't ask for his opinion. He said sth like: 'Let's just not talk anymore, you're too emotional...' 'sorry for trying to help you with my experience.' 'Why are we still talking about this? For me this discussion was over long ago. Don't talk to me, I don't want to deal with this rn.'  Even after we talked later, we both still thought the other one was wrong.  This type of fight happened before, where he criticized sth I wanted to do regarding my work. I ask him why he thinks so, I listen, I still want to do it my way, but he can't accept that. I lash out because I feel like I keep repeating myself and he says I'm too emotional in discussions. That makes me even angrier. Every time I just need him to go: 'ok, do it your way.' Instead of 'ok, but...' I keep telling him. I get so angry that I start to angry cry and say things like 'You're manipulative' 'This is fd up, the way you turn it around like I started it' 'I can't do this. If it's going to be like this every time I want to break up.' I am ashamed of that and I don't want our relationship to be like this.  Some background. I'm in therapy for social anxiety, specifically people pleasing and I have a hard time receiving criticism, even advice without feeling invalidated / dismissed. I've gotten a lot better, but I worry that this is the cause of this reoccurring fight. He on the other hand always wants to be right and he said today, that even if we disagree, he wants to have the last word just to make sure. That makes me feel like he doesn't accept my opinion and wants to keep arguing to persuade me. But he feels, he's just giving his opinion and I don't have to react.  All of this sounds so horrible... We love each other, this is the only thing we seriously fight about and I fear that I'm the problem. I don't know what to do now, I feel guilty that we fought on this special day, but I still feel justified in my reaction. I hate that he might think I started a fight and I hate to see him sad because of me. What should I do?
132	adjudicated	YTB	The other day, read a post on Quora asking if it is okay for someone to want a paternity test. Someone commented that if her husband did that, she would refuse, and instead take the baby and live elsewhere and raise it alone.  I decided that if I was in that situation, I will tell her “Okay. Since you are making a point by acting as though the baby is not mine, then I will not tell any other women that I have a kid with you, because I want to have kids with them.”. I decide that this would be a clever comeback, thru which I would follow. WIBTB?
465	adjudicated	NTB	For context I am a 17 year old gay transgender guy, I came out to my parents two years ago. My dad(53M) has always been accepting since I started figuring out my gender and sexuality, my mom(48F) on the other hand has been more reluctant. My mom is the type of person to say they support the LGBTQ+ but will repeatedly use misgender and dead name me or my friends, whether it's in front of people or not.   Now on to the main point, my mom and I started arguing a lot more after I came out. She misgenders me and will often "forget" to correct herself unless somebody else says something. We have gotten into many arguments over this, mainly when she uses my preferred pronouns (he/him) but then changes to use she/her pronouns. I have brought this up to her multiple times and I have asked her to stop, but she always says the same things like, "it's still so new to me", "they're older/younger so don't make a fuss about this", "they're older/younger, it's hard for them to understand", etc. I understand that for some people that it is a new or difficult topic for them to understand but when the family friend tells you "you'll be back to "dead name" in a couple months" and your mom doesn't do anything about it, kinda makes you bitter about the situation.   I have explained to her that it makes me feel as if she doesn't truly accept me and she says that she'll try to be better in the future. And for a little while she is but then she goes right back. She has also asked me if I will go back to being a girl for guys that I like or if I apply to certain jobs and it makes me furious. She will also tell me that at certain jobs I have to be a girl if I work there. I have told her "no, I will be staying a boy no matter what job I get or what guy I like." This often results in more arguments and screaming matches. I have started to tell her off more now but now my dad is getting involved and says I'm being disrespectful.  AITB?
483	adjudicated	YTB	I have been friends with this girl and we play Fortnite together. She is kinda cute and we laugh a lot together, but she is super annoying in a way that she always talks about her feelings and stuff that happens to her. She wants me to talk about my problems, too, but I prefer to ignore them. She says she is there for me if I need anything, but she repeats that too often. Then she always apologizes, cause she thinks she said something wrong, I would just love for her to sh\*t up and enjoy the game.   I stopped making time for her, cause her insecurity is bothering me and I thought she would get the hint. Like I leave her on read and come back to her days later, if... But we went out drinking a few nights ago and I hugged her a lot, cause I was drunk. I went back to ignoring her again.   When she asks me to talk. She got all teary and said that she didn't have many friends and has trouble making them, cause she was bullied in school. She said she was happy to just hang out with me and that I was important to her and asked me to show up more, if she was important to me too. I told her she is cool and sorry for the bullying, but that I get that she doesn't have many friends cause she is too much, to clingy, insecure and anxious. Then she started sobbing a lot and I told her to just calm down. Then she got mad and called me an AH and hung up on me. When I wanted to game with her, she blocked me.   So AITBF?   TL;DR: Told a girl she was clingy, 'cause she is and she insulted me and blocked me. 
273	adjudicated	JB	 To clarify here, my ex and I broke up we live in different states and I drove back to my hometown after things "didn't work out" I packed as many things as possible in my car on the move and left very few things behind but the one thing I did leave behind was a giant framed jersey of a famous baseball player it's worth about 4-6 hundred dollars and I have been asking for about 5 months now for my ex to send it SO I can finally break all lines of communication with her. I ask her almost every month "Did you send it?" and she keeps coming out with excuses like "I'm tired" or "I'm busy" which is a BS excuse after 5 months... we have a joint account I was never removed from and I am now thinking about taking 4-500 dollars to cover the frame she refuses to send it to me. To be clear none of it is my money, It's all of her money but I don't know what else to do at this point I think I've been more patient with her. she says would send it, and after the 5th time of hearing an excuse, I'm tired of waiting. 
447	adjudicated	NTB	Okay so I (19f) was eating Christmas dinner with my grandmother, stepdad, and aunt.   Basically we were talking about me and my bf who are planning on getting married once we’re finished school (at 24).   My aunt was annoyed because she thinks we are too young to even be thinking about marriage.   To try and justify this, my stepdad said in this mocking tone “well you know her, her only purpose in life is to have kids and be a mom.” Which instantly rubbed me the wrong way as I am currently pursuing two degrees at once (business and comp sci) and have hopes to get a job which I don’t plan on quitting upon marriage or kids.  So I said something along the lines of “uh no it’s not. I’m planning on making money and going into an actual job. That’s a really misogynistic thing to say”  To which my aunt said “what’s wrong with being a mom?”  I corrected myself and said “there’s nothing wrong with it but to say that that’s my entire purpose when I’m 19 and am relatively accomplished with two degrees while he has literally nothing, is misogynistic and offensive” (this guy literally lives with us rent free and barely works and doesn’t even really help out around the house).  My aunt retorted that my generation is “too sensitive” and gets offended “too easily.”  Then my grandmother said that my stepdad meant it as a joke to which I said “okay then he should apologize cause I didn’t take it that way.”  My aunt said “what for?” And I said “for making a mistake by saying something sexist that was taken the wrong way.”    Basically at this point the rest of my family sitting around the table clued in and started laughing at me.  I’m wondering if I’m in the wrong rn and should apologize basically. It’s rare that my aunt takes my stepdads side since he tends to be an actual asshole to everybody most of the time. 
33	adjudicated	NTB	 Me and my girl have been together for a while and we are both obese (300+ pounds) and happy.  She used to work the day shift at her job and everything was fine. 3 months ago, she was sent to the 2nd shift which is bad because we never see each other now except for the weekends.  3 weeks ago she began talking about some guy on the job and things they'd talk about. -- I wasnt really bothered by it but I noticed this became an everyday thing and I jokingly asked her to chill. She stopped but now I noticed shes losing weight. Shes going to the gym more and more and I saw her buying a bunch of perfume last week. She puts it on before she goes to work now... Never on her offdays.  With her phone she'll leave it laying around but if shes right next to me, she flips it down and I don't know if shes texting her friends or this guy from work. Should I ask to look through her phone?  Maybe she just likes smelling good in a professional environment? WIBTB if I confronted her on this?    Edit:  I forgot to mention she even eats healthy now too
152	adjudicated	NTB	In my first semester at university, I forged new friendships, hopeful they would be lasting. However, I soon discovered that the friends I made in the first semester might not be the ones who stick around. In the second semester, I found myself forming a trio, which later got to be a group of four.  However, one member of our group, whom we'll call Stephen (20M), began to be suspicious. He started distancing himself from us, opting to spend time with another group from my first semester, despite being aware of the issues I had with them. This raised red flags.  My concerns heightened when I noticed my pictures circulating within their group, accompanied by strange captions. Things took a darker turn when another friend in our group, Andrew (19M), got a hold of his phone. Andrew's eyes caught a mysterious text, he was curious to see what was going on and accidentally opened the group chat. Only to find out that not only mine, but also his and another friend's ( Justin) pictures were shared, and they were making fun of those pictures, with very unreal comments. We decided to cut ties with Stephen.  After things got better (which I believe) Andrew began fabricating elaborate stories for attention. He claimed to have been attacked by Stephen's associates, seeking financial assistance for medical treatment from me and our other friend (Justin 19M) Despite Andrew's increasingly implausible tales, I and another friend, Justin, naively supported him without question.  As Andrew's stories became more outlandish. Confronting Andrew only resulted in deflection and blame-shifting. Many stories came up, like every day a new story, and he knew that I had proof but I don't know why he still chooses to lie. This also makes me wonder the reason that he was taken out of his previous friend's group.  When my sister intervened and demanded clarification from Andrew, he reacted defensively, shifting the blame onto her. Eventually, he returned the money (as my sister asked him to), but his penchant for deception persisted. After the 19th he still came, asked him why, and he said I took the case back, and my cousins also did. (What he filed against them, I don't think he should have taken back, coz it was pretty serious.) And why did they take it back? He never answered those questions.  Now, as I distance myself from Andrew, grappling with feelings of betrayal and uncertainty, tensions rise within the group. Justin accuses me of exacerbating Andrew's mental distress, while Andrew scapegoats my sister for his trouble. Who is the Butt Face?
125	adjudicated	NTB	I attended a wedding locally this weekend, solo. I’ve known the groom for 20 years, and his new bride (who is awesome) for about five years, and have hung out with them many times, including with some friends who were also at the wedding who I knew, some I have known for years in other contexts. There were several long banquet tables. The group of people I knew was split up into two groups, at tables fairly close to the bride and groom in the middle. I was seated at the far end at the farthest table, with people I had never met before. If you had to say which was the most distant seat, it would easily be mine, there was no one on one side of me, it really was the farthest possible seat. Someone’s got to sit there, so that’s cool, but there was not one person I knew at that table. It was a few distant relatives and family friends. They were all lovely people, but I’m wondering why in the world they would sit a solo guest at a table far away from everyone with no one he knows. The groom came over and apologized to the couple across from me that they were so far isolated from everyone, but did not say anything to me. I’m trying not to take this personally, but AITB for feeling a little disrespected? I know the bride and groom have a ton to do, so I said nothing and kept a smile on the whole time, but it smarts a little.
303	adjudicated	NTB	I have been with my girlfriend for over 3 and a half years now. When we first started dating we discussed important things like marriage and children to make sure we were on the same page. We agreed that neither of us are too bothered about marriage but we would bother like two or three children.  A couple of months ago my girlfriend said she doesn't know if she wanted children anymore. She said she doesn't want them to hold her back form things she wants to do such as travelling and nice holidays etc. She said she wasn't sure and that she might change her mind further down the line anyway.   I mentioned that having children was a big topic that we need to be on the same page on so maybe it's best to have some time to think about it and then have a proper discussion which she agreed and said we should talk after she's had a few months to think things through.   After a couple of months we sat down to talk about it and she said she still felt the same. I mentioned to her that my views on children haven't changed and that I still would like to have a couple of children. She said she might change her mind at some point anyway but I mentioned that it's not really a risk I'd want to take and that we really need to be on the same page or the relationship won't work.   I said if she doesn't want children then it just might mean that we're not compatible anymore. She accused me of pressuring her into having kids but I pointed out that's not what I was doing, I was just saying it wouldn't be fair to either of us to have to agree with the other since it would just lead to resentment.   She just repeated again that I was wrong for pressuring her to have children but I again just pointed out that's not what I was doing. She accused me of being unreasonable for thinking about breaking up with her because she doesn't want children.  AITB for wanting children?
349	adjudicated	YTB	I'm from the United States and in the Netherlands, and usually during my visits I'll do one drug or another, for the life experience, always in a controlled environment, always from a trusted source, and always tested  As anyone who does recreational drugs in pill form knows, due to them being illegal, you can't exactly be picky about the shape your pills come in - and with our bad luck, the 2C-B pills available to us at the moment are in the shape of the Nazi eagle - no one I do these drugs with is a Nazi, every one of us absolutely hates them and stands against them - we sometimes joke that Geert Wilders (newly-elected Dutch prime minister, right-wing and anti-inmigrant) is trying to convert people to Nazism through the pills, that's it  One detail I hadn't really noticed until tonight is that the swastika has the points facing counterclockwise, which is not the swastika used by the Nazis according to what I know  I posted a pill on my story for laughs, not thinking much of it, and my mother replied very upset, saying it was stupid and racist or something....now both of my sisters are judging the hell out of me too and being vile to me......it helps to remember that they love to judge others and hold things against people to make themselves feel better  Am I a Nazi or something? Even though I fucking hate Nazis? Even though I'm a leftist?  If you disagree with me, all I ask is that you remain respectful, I am extremely sensitive to rejection (half of why I'm posting this at all)  Thanks :)
494	adjudicated	NTB	So my ex and I had a gradual separation due to his lies and infidelity. We haven't been romantically involved for over two years but because we had a kid, we took it slow to separate our lives. We've both been dating other people and are moving on and untangling our lives now.  When we were together his immediate family would come over for breakfast on Christmas morning and then we'd meet his extended family at his aunt's house for dinner. Last Christmas was the first time we were living separately. I still hosted his family for breakfast but didn't join them for dinner. I exchanged gifts with everyone that came to my house for breakfast.  This year, things have gotten more serious with my boyfriend. Also, there has been some distance with my ex's family. Which seems natural and I'm okay with that. My boyfriend's family asked when the best time to have their Christmas celebration so my daughter and I can join. I contacted my ex to coordinate with his plans. He asked that I still hosted Christmas breakfast for his family. I wasn't thrilled but said yes.   I was a little stressed about money because now I'm buying gifts for my family, my boyfriend's family AND my ex's family. It's just a lot. But I still contacted my ex SIL and asked her what her children would like for Christmas. She said she'd get back to me so I haven't bought their gifts yet.  My ex also didn't know what time his aunt's dinner was and I needed to know this to coordinate my daughter's schedule. So I asked his mom. When I talked to her she informed me that SHE was hosting Christmas breakfast. Great! I'm off the hook! Weeks go by and I never hear back from exSIL what her children want. I'm never invited nor asked what I wanted for Christmas. So I assumed this was us all going our separate ways.   Then yesterday I had my (ex) nieces over for a sleepover with my daughter. My exSIL informs me that there's confusion on Xmas breakfast. My exMIL says she's hosting but my ex is telling everyone I am. I clear that up but then my exSIL tells me what her kids want for Xmas and apologizes for not getting back with me sooner.   So now I feel awkward. I know I did ask. But then after finding out I wasn't going to be seeing them on Xmas, I thought we all dropped it. What's the best way for me to not be the buttface? My exSIL also has two step children that I never saw even before the split. Before I always treated them equally and bought equal gifts. But my exSIL didn't even mention them when telling me what her children wanted. Do I still buy gifts for everyone that I bought gifts for when I was with my ex? Do I only buy for the children? Only the two children that I still see or all four? I did invite the two nieces over to decorate cookies on Xmas Eve, I could potentially give them gifts then.  Edit: Just to clarify, I'm not hosting nor attending my ex's Christmas breakfast. I thought I was hosting for a short while until I talked to his mom and found out she was. If I was hosting or attending I would bring everyone gifts. And since I thought I was hosting I asked my exSIL what her daughters wanted. Which caused the awkward situation once I found out that I wasn't hosting.  I've decided I'll still give the girls gifts at least this year. I don't know if I'll continue to do so for the years to come. I'll probably feel obligated to since this year I set the expectation. Plus my daughter is close to these girls so I expect they will stay a part of my life. I'm not going to get anyone else from my ex's family gifts. 
278	adjudicated	JB	This happened a year and a half ago  I (25f) was with my ex Sam (24m) for 8 months, everything genuinely felt perfect. We loved and cared about each other so much, I didn't expect him to change slowly, or maybe he didn't change and I just started noticing what he'd say/do that were red flags. But honestly, my past relationship I had done similar and it ended worse (him being very physically/verbally abusive, but that's another story)  &amp;#x200B;  Things were great with Sam and I, we both suffer from depression and anxiety thought his was a bit worse. He said he'd tried therapy for him, but the therapist was bad and never went back. For a while I could see myself having a real future with him, we made each other really happy. I tried really hard to help comfort him with his issues and be as supportive as I could, even if it caused my own mental health to diminish. One of my biggest deal breakers is lying, and I had already told him this when we started dating.   Over time, I noticed he'd start lying to me, or changing certain details to make himself look better. At his job, people said snarky comments to him to get a rise out of him, and he'd get aggressive. When I heard from him about his aggression, it really worried me and I tried asking him if he'd be more open to therapy, as I have a history of parental abuse and I refuse to be with someone who's so quick to anger. He refused and apologized profusely, claiming when he'd move he would seek therapy. Of course this bothered me. Him having such rage without seeking therapy and expecting me to be fine with that was a huge red flag. I'd found through a photo \*HE sent me of himself\* later, he'd been cheating with me online with another woman. He claimed his "friend" wanted him to see her OF page for "support". I told him it was absolute BS and not to bother me.   A week or so later, he had gone through a mental breakdown and started telling me if I ever left him, he'd u-n- ali-ve himself. I'd never had someone threaten this against me and something clicked in my head that I needed out of this. I didn't want to push him over the edge or make things worse, so I waited a couple days for him to calm down.   I went over to one of my friends to ask for advice and she told me what he's said is not healthy for me to be around. Her talking to me gave me the courage I needed to end it.   I called him to talk to him and let him know I can't continue the relationship and that I hope he finds the help he needs. I didn't let him know the reasons why I left and he cried saying how he thought we had a good future together and that things were going well. I refused to say anything more and left it at that. I blocked him and went back to my friends to calm down.   Recently he followed one of my socials through another account and I had to block him.  It's made me feel maybe I was too harsh with how I left and didn't tell him, but I was worried if I did it would've "push ed" him to harm himself. AITAH?  &amp;#x200B;
139	adjudicated	NTB	I 24m have been dating my boyfriend 25m for about 6 months now. To give a clear image of our relationship;  I'm extremely inexperienced. My friends call it a purity conplex. I've wanted to stay untouched and clean for my future husband. I heard school time relationships never last so I didn't date at all. I wanted every single first experience to be with my future husband and of course, these being my morals, I wanted my future husband to be the same as myself.   We met online and he didn't tell me the truth about himself.2 months into our relationship I found out he already had a girlfriend when she found me and told me everything. Apparently he had been married and has kids too. He lied about his bodycount being 3 which was already too much for me, I found out it was way more unforgivable.   I decided to break up and my friends were split. Half told me he embarrassing looking, earned less than half my salary and the personality isn't much either apparently and the other half told me it was unreasonable to expect someone with no history at our age and someone seeing two people at the beginning of a relationship is common because they're choosing and he had chosen me since he stopped talking to her. + since we had kissed I felt like the type of man I wanted, who matched my morals wouldn't want me anymore anyway and I agreed to go back. I feel like this cost me my mental health as I developed OCD within a few weeks of overthinking about my wasted love life.   I soon realised that he had no part of life left unexplored with a woman. No matter where we went and what we did, he had done it before with someone. It made me feel dirty like I was being handed used soaking panties to wear.   He finally found one thing that could feel new and exclusive and it was Minecraft. He said it had always been his dream to play with his girlfriend. I wasn't into it but decided to play with him anyway. I spent hours on it with him feeling like I finally had something that was just ours until last night. I found Facebook posts from when he was in school, a girl posting on his wall about their Minecraft nights and how much she liked him and him posting love heart messages on her wall and it broke me.   It wasn't jealousy. I just felt every issue build up and reach a breaking point. There was nothing left for me in his person's life anymore. Exclusivity and "firsts" were so precious to me to the point where I really didn't need anything else from him but he couldn't even give me that. Would I be the asshole for leaving him over a game?
86	adjudicated	YTB	Headsup, throwaway account.   I (23F) recently moved out of an apartment that I shared with one other person (38F). It was my first apartment after moving out of my parents house and I thought I had found a great deal for the town that I live in (obviously not sharing the town because I would like to remain as anonymous as I can. Also, be safe on the internet friends 🧡),  the rent was right in my budget, and it was really close to where I was working, and it was also close to my parents that I could easily visit but it was still far enough so I had my own space.   The door to my room had a lock with a keyhole on it and I had the key to the door that I was given when I moved in. I lock my door everyday when I leave for work because I wanted to keep my space private since it was the room I was paying for.   Fast forward about 10.5, 11 months into living in this apartment, one night I accidentally end up locking myself out of my bedroom while under the influence of weed and I try to lock pick my way back into my room, (not the smartest plan I know but as I mentioned before I was high) anyways, my roommate came out of her room and asked what I was doing. I explain that I had locked myself out of my room and was trying to get back in, she then goes back into her bedroom and comes back with a key that unlocks MY bedroom door and let's me back into again, MY room. I ended up falling asleep shortly after the incident and decided to bring it up to her after I had sobered up in the morning.   When I tried to bring it up the following morning she best me to the punch and said that the reason why she had a key to my room was because "my room used to be her drum studio". I had been wanting to leave this apartment for a while and knowing that my roommate had a key to MY bedroom and could've possibly been in my room without my knowledge but also that she didn't think to tell me that she even had a key until I had lived there for almost a year, I am still convinced that if I had not locked myself out out that night I would still be ignorant to this horrific fact.   The day that I moved out I left a note hidden in the bedroom closet (I placed it in-between the shelf and the wall about halfway) and it read "just so you know, Roommate has a key to YOUR room."  Maybe I'm just being paranoid but I found it really creepy that my roommate (who is 15 years older than I am) thought it was a good idea to have a key to my bedroom and never tell me.   So I guess the question is, am I the asshole for letting the next roommate know about this
98	adjudicated	YTB	My (26F) brother Blake (38M) and his wife Sandra (35F) rent a condo together in a different state. It was hers for two years, but then he got a job and started paying half the rent so it’s equally theirs now.   Anyway, two years ago, Sandra invited me and my mom (55F) to come stay with them for a visit. We hadn’t seen him in years, and she said she thought it’d be nice to do for the three of us.   However, she chose to go stay with her sister for the duration. We thought this was strange and kept telling her she didn’t need to leave her own home on our account, but she insisted she preferred it this way because she had severe social anxiety and didn’t know us well. Also not to feel guilty because it was her idea.  Our visit with Blake went great and we all met up with Sandra for lunch one day and it went really great too.  Later that year, we wanted to come again before the holiday. She agreed but still went to stay with her sister.   A few months later, we wanted to come again, but now Sandra’s sister had moved away, so Sandra had nowhere to run when we came. Blake told us she was nervous about being seen and was worried about how things would go, but she ultimately said ok. This time, me and mom decided to stay for 10 days.  It didn’t go well. Sandra accused me and mom of being rude to her, basically saying we made her feel ignored and disrepected in her own home. She became very stressed  and told Blake it felt like there were strangers in the house.  If we were distant, it was only because we were trying to give her space since she always runs away when we come over. We also didn’t expect her to really try to interact with us, so we were caught off-guard when she did. But we apologized anyway and explained we had social anxiety too.  We thought everything was fine, but it’s been 6 months and we wanna visit again, but Blake said Sandra proposed we do half our stay with them and half at a hotel. Now we feel totally unwelcome, and Blake didn’t like it either. They talked, and ultimately, she agreed to let us stay there the whole time but said we now need to be okay with her being less friendly to us because she doesn’t have the energy to do it if we don’t, and she doesn’t want to feel rejected again. We agreed to this and now it’s booked.  AITB for giving her space and trying to tip-toe around her like I thought she wanted? 
144	adjudicated	NTB	Alright so I,F26, am a firefighter and I love my job. I've always loved firefighting since I've known my stepdad who was also a firefighter. Another thing about me is that while in highschool I developed an eating disorder. I've always been open about my struggles and everything and have no shame in admitting it. So recently I was approached by my friend who introduced me to a reporter who wanted to do an interview with me for an article. I agreed to do the article and did the interview where I opened up about things.  Well come to find out that when the article came out I read the article and was furious at what was written in the article. The reporter completely twisted my words and made me look like a girl who was just looking for sympathy points while working in the fire service. Upon reading this since I didn't really have a way contacting the reporter I told my friend that I wanted it taken down as it discredited me. My friend told me that it wasn't that big of a deal and that I needed to calm down. I argued that it could potentially ruin my reputation and being able to transfer to other departments in the future. My friend kept telling me that it wasn't that big of a deal and it ended up with us arguing quite a bit before my friend told me that I was acting like an entitled asshole. So now I'm wondering AITB?
44	adjudicated	NTB	My wife(23) and I (22) have been dating since high school and got married last November. We normally keep to ourselves and our families but the other day that all changed. My wife and her sisters were estranged for most of their life and only reconnected last year so I try my hardest to help them with whatever and do what I can for my new sisters in-law and nephews.   Unfortunately that all changed a few days ago when they decided to cancel on my wife’s birthday plans. We didn’t care at all since we enjoy each other’s company but her sisters said that we didn’t care about them since we didn’t beg them to come with us after they canceled and blamed me for keeping her away from them.   I have siblings of my own so I’m aware they have arguments from time to time and I decided I would stay out of it even though I had nothing to do with it. They “made up” but weren’t completely on speaking terms and were slowly coming back to normal.   That was until my wife made the mistake of buying a new shampoo which caused her to have a severe allergic reaction that had us in the hospital all night. Her family was concerned so she posted that she was fine and not to worry as the doctors had already saved her.   This caused the sisters to go berserk saying that we were fake and bringing up the birthday situation again while she was still on the hospital bed with doctors checking on us every 5 minutes to make sure she’s not dying because her heart rate kept spiking. The argument continues into the next day where I get involved and tell them that they’re weird for even continuing such a childish argument while she was quite literally on her deathbed until moments ago and that we don’t need them in our lives with their toxicity.   This caused the sisters to once again get mad saying that they did nothing wrong and that they were sending their husbands to come fight me and shortly after they were banging on our door. If I was still in highschool I would’ve accepted the challenge no hesitation but my wife calmed me down and we decided to just call the police instead.   After the police sent them away we were told by multiple people from her side of the family that we were dead to them and we had taken it to far by calling the police since have criminal records and are battling for custody of their child. It wasn’t like I called Cps or like they even got arrested since I didn’t even want to press charges or anything but now I’m thinking that I should but don’t know if we’re in the wrong for not handling this differently.
424	adjudicated	NTB	  I [19M] used to be really close to one of my college classmates [19F]. She is from another city, so when she came here for college, I became one of the only people she knew here. Over the next 5 months, we became really good friends, like we would meet up before going to college and then stay late at college even after all our other friends left.       Our friendship started deteriorating after these 5 months, and at this point, I started to get the feeling that she was trying to use our friendship in order to get me to help her out academically since I am better than her at it. She constantly gave me excuses for why she could not do her assignments and asked me to send mine to her so that she could copy them. Along with this, she even started asking me to send her all of my notes and stuff. After a while, she revealed to me that she is asking me for this help since she just started dating a common friend of ours and that she was having some relationship problems because of which she is unable to study.   I told her that I don't want to get involved in the relationship since her boyfriend is also a good friend of mine, but I told her that she needs to focus in our classes as well, since otherwise she will just struggle a lot academically, and that if she doesn't, then I will stop helping her. When she did not change her behaviour after this, I stopped helping her in academics, but I still talked with her as I normally would. At this point, we had started growing distant and barely talking since she felt that I did not help her specifically and that I was being unfair.       A few more months go by like this, and then one day she just randomly called me while crying. She told me that she and her boyfriend just had a huge fight and that he now wants to break up with her. This happened continuously for like a week, and after talking to her boyfriend (my friend), I realised that he was also struggling with this situation and wanted to be able to fix things.   So I told both of them that I was ready to mediate between them and help mend their relationship, but on the condition that neither of them put me in a position where my friendship with either of them was jeopardized. So I helped them talk for a while, but things just got worse and worse until they decided to take a break for a while. Then, randomly, a few days later, her BF sends me a SS where she claims that during one of their fights, I told her that "her BF just constantly hurts her while she is just trying to defend herself." I never said that, but due to this, my friend is now doubting me. When I called her, she just kept justifying herself and didn't even say sorry for this.       This was the final strand for me; after this, I completely stopped talking to her, and we would only interact when all the friends met up. Even if she asked me for help with anything other than her relationship, I would just ignore her.   AITA?
18	adjudicated	NBH	I went through a breakup about 6 months ago. I had items left at his place that I didn’t really care about and didn’t want to contact him. He also left some items at my place including a broken drone that he was letting me use for the camera only.  I waited a month to hear back from him about our relationship or his items but never heard from him (haven’t heard from him since). I decided to try to fix the drone, was successful, and have flown it a few times after taking online training to make sure I am flying it correctly and legally. It’s been really fun! If he were to ever call and ask for it back, I would return it to him, but I do not feel comfortable being the one to reach out to him.  My time during the breakup was really tough because I was also laid off from my job. It was the most depressed I had been in years. I typically don’t like to show much emotion or cry in front of family and friends, so when I would hang out with friends I would typically say a joke along the lines of “I don’t have a boyfriend anymore and he treated me like crap but at least I got a drone out of it. Haha!"  I never really took the joke seriously or thought much of it at the time, but I have had multiple friends bring up the drone randomly at different times as a talking topic. One friend said “hey according to the law, he left it long enough at your place, it’s legally yours”. This was fine to me and was a laugh. But on a different occasion, a different friend went up to me and said “hey, I was thinking about the drone situation and talked about it with my husband. He thinks that your ex might be too depressed to reach out and ask for the drone back so you should reach out and see if he wants it”.  Hearing my friend care more about my ex boyfriend’s feelings vs. my own after losing my job and going through a breakup has had a toll on our friendship regardless of the drone, but at this point, I'm just so sick of people talking about it.  Am I the buttface because I still have the drone?
342	adjudicated	NTB	my girlfriend has my instagram log and not like i mind her having it i don't talk to other girls or cheat on her she just wants it so she has some peace of mind i suppose, so I'm okay with her having it. only thing i did say was that i don't want her going through my dms with my friends. this may sound suspicious of course but not like I'm even hiding anything from her i just want my own privacy. i dont have her log in and she says its because she doesnt know it herself.  she asks if she's not worthy enough for me to send her videos instead of my friend and i respond telling her the videos i send to my friend and the videos that i send to her are just two different humors that she may not get. she goes on this long rant that consists mainly of her telling me that "don't send him things that are funny if you can send them to me instead" and "i am the most important so you should think of me first instead of your friends", and while i do regard her as the most important person in my life i dont agree that i should only think of her because well thats just not realistic.  she then proceeds to completely blow the situation out of the water claiming that i dont love and how she isnt enough why she isnt first etc.   this isnt the first time she does something like this either not even for this reason just little things like me not wanting to do something and when i dont she will start to cry and make me feel bad until i agree or say yes to whatever she wants. i find this as really controlling and have brought it up to her how i feel and she just disregards it telling me shes not controlling. im not really happy in this relationship with her and to be completely honest in the 5 months that i've been with her its been really disappointing to find out her true colors.   am i the buttface?
358	adjudicated	NTB	 Hello everyone throwaway account, the past few months my brother (24M) has been working hard in order to become a police officer. He graduates this week, while I (21M) am proud of what he has accomplished. He announced something that felt like a pretty big betrayal of not only me, but the rest of the family. He said that he invited my grandmother (mothers side of the family) who caused us so much trauma to the point where we shake / get anxiety when she's ever mentioned or brought up in a conversation. We all said to him how we're not going if my mother shows up since she abused the entire family and gave me PTSD (diagnosed by 2 different psychologists). They've both stalked us, and harassed us. Not only that they've attacked me on social media and blamed me for leaving that side of the family even though I was being abused by my mother and her mother. My brother has never believed that I have PTSD and thinks that I'm using it for attention so not only does that make that worse, he starts calling us immature if we leave his graduation if my mother shows up and says how they're going to be dead soon. I said to him "Okay, and? What does that have to do with us?" I'm never going to their funerals for the amount of pain and trauma they caused me and my family. They're both abusers, they would absolutely disown me if I ever come out to them. So not only that, my mother and my grandmother called the cops on my dads mother for thinking she locked her out of the house on "purpose" when actually she was just doing yard work, who also by the way had cancer and passed away and they knew that she had cancer. I straight up told him that I'm not going to his graduation since my grandmother is showing up and he claims that our mother wont show up but I highly doubt that. So reddit, AITB?
425	adjudicated	JB	I’m a gay man who’s not planning to have any kids and I only want to give my blood money to my siblings’ biological children.   In this hypothetical situation, I’m writing a conditional will that says I only intend to pass on my inheritance to all my biological nieces and nephews after I die.   For example, one of my brothers had a partner and his partner lied about the child being his when it’s not.  My brother thought the child was his child until the child turned 10 years old or older because that’s when we all found out the child looks nothing like my brother. My brother takes a highly accurate paternity test and the result was that the kid is definitely not his child at all. In other words, brother’s baby momma cheated on him and the child isn’t my brother’s child, and then committed paternity fraud by pretending it’s my brother’s child. In this case, my brother didn’t even get the chance to decide if he wants to adopt the child or not.   Would I be the buttface if I take the child off my will? wtf should I owe any money to that damn child when I die?
66	adjudicated	NTB	   So I (19f) am in my first year of university. It was hard to adjust to it at first, but now I've grown accustomed to it. I have this friend we'll call Lucy (19f). Lucy is super nice and cool, however I've lately grown annoyed by her. You see, all she ever talks to me about is her ex-boyfriends. While I'm always open to letting her vent, it's gotten too much and I just wish that we'd talk about anything other than boy drama. She'd even ask me to spy on them for her, which I didn't want to do. Recently, one of her exes also texted me suddenly.  However, I also didn't want to cut her off. She was really nice and caring, and she already lost so many friends that it just feels too cruel to do so. So I decided to text my best friend Mira (19f) about this to ask for advice. She told me that I should tell Lucy about how I feel about this. That I'd like to talk about stuff other than her exes since it was too much for me but I'd also like to be her friend at the end of the day. Mira also told me that it would be a good idea to let Lucy know that one of her exes contacted me. So I did just that.  Lucy apologized for talking too much about this and for her exes bothering me. This she said "anyways thanks for listening" which was weird. I was scared that she was taking it the wrong way when I asked her to talk about her exes less so I sent her other messages telling her that I'd like to still be friends with her and that she's really cool I just wanted a few boundaries. She read them but didn't respond. Mira suggested to leave Lucy alone for a few days since she might still be processing it.  The day after, I decided to try to speak to Lucy again, but she acted cold towards me and brushed me off. I felt horrible, but I thought that if she only ever wanted to talk to me to vent about her love life, then maybe we shouldn't be friends at all so I stopped talking to her. Then yesterday, she texted me suddenly, so I replied. She then asked to me to spy on one of her exes, as if the whole conversation never happened. So I stopped responding to her.  Today, I told some of my other friends about what happened over the last week. The majority of them think that I was in the wrong and that I should've just let Lucy vent. They are all against me, except for Lucy's ex-best friend and Mira, who think that I did the right thing. But now I feel awful since Lucy was so kind and that she already lost a whole bunch of friends. But I also didn't want to talk about her ex-boyfriends anymore. So AITB?
21	adjudicated	NTB	I am a graphic designer for a small company. There used to be two designers but the other guy was fired last week because he made too many mistakes. I was surprised they finally fired him. He's been with the company for...I'm sure it was over 15 years. He was working there when the current owner bought the business. But I will admit, he did suck at the job. It was a long long long time coming.   Today he emailed me at my work email address and asked that I send him a logo. I'm assuming he is trying to build a portfolio but he didn't say why he needed it. Only thing is, I didn't think he designed that logo. I could be wrong but I would be shocked if that was his work. I thought the customer had it created by a design firm. We usually don't do much creative design, we do more technical work needed to decorated/print items.   I didn't want to get in trouble so I checked with the boss first. He told me to check with the HR manager. She told me absolutely not. If he needed art for his portfolio that he should contact her or the owner and not to involve me.   I kinda feel like a tattle tail now. I also never really liked the guy and that probably did influence my decision not to help him out. I'm not sure what the chances are my bosses would find out but I don't want to put my job on the line for him. 
83	adjudicated	YTB	“Amy” and I work together. We would often chat through the night outside of work. I liked talking to her but wasn’t sure what I felt. Eventually, she told me she had feelings for me. I wasn’t sure about getting into a relationship with a coworker, and I expressed all of my concerns. We decided to just be friends.   A few weeks later, I realized I was not attracted to Amy. She’s a little heavier, and just not my type. I decided to go out on a few dates with “Sarah” instead, who is another coworker. Amy is pissed that I went out with another coworker after telling her we can’t date because we work together.   The truth is, I just don’t see myself with Amy, but I don’t want to hurt her feelings. I did establish that we’re just friends, and I think that should be enough. Amy feels that I lead her on with the idea that we could maybe date in the future, and that my only constraint was our working together.   AITA for not telling her that I just didn’t find her attractive? 
404	adjudicated	NTB	I(28F) and my husband (28M) both got a job at Walmart (online orders) I started working a few weeks before him at the pick up side. Then we decided we would borrow my parents car and we both started working deliveries (pays a bit better than pickup side) Last week my parents had some financial emergency and decided to sell their car. We tried to work both in the same car (our car)taking turns to use it and our boss said we can't do that since we can't use the same license plate   Since this job is paying for our groceries weekly and without we couldn't afford food without  it( also considering it gives us the schedule flexibility to take care of our 2 kids) one of us has to go work at the pick up side.  My husband demanded either I go back to pick up since I already worked there and that he thinks ppl who work there are inmature pricks (they are a lot younger than the group at deliveries) he says he won't stand them and that he believes that works makes him less (like he is embarrassed of falling that low) he says its the lowest position in there and that makes him embarrassed   ( Or I stay at home so he can keep doing delivery)  I called him ridiculous, and since he'll start studying in a month (which will take up all his schedule for this job) and this course will get him a better paying job he has rn, I said I will keep making deliveries ( I wanna keep working on that as long as I can)  Basically if he doesn't work in pick up this week we won't have enough money for groceries next week.  He took applied for the shift at pick up next week, and now he is mad at me he says AITB for making him do this, he will be ashamed of doing that job ( is the same he did before he just doesn't go delivery) He is barely speaking to me and reminding me at every moment of the day what an BF I'm for not taking that job myself.  For a little bit of background I stopped working whenr our daughter (5F) was born and in order to bring some money to the table I used to bake and sale  (something I didn't like or enjoy but was enough to get some money for groceries), now that I finally got an outside of the house job I don't wanna give it up and it's my time to be out of the house and have a job.  So AITB?  TLDR: I didn't take the "lower" position at work so my husband could have a the better one we both  had but now can't
89	adjudicated	INFO	I have a dignosed panic disorder that makes it hard for me to handle others having panic attacks without having one myself. Me and a schoolmate exchanged numbers. Within almost a week of having exchanged numbers, he messaged me about a panic attack. I told him that I couldn't deal with panic attacks, but he insisted I help him. I blocked his number after not feeling comfortable anymore.   &amp;#x200B;  Am i the buttface in this case?  Edit: fixed grammar.  I talked to the kid and he said another student had threatened his life
13	adjudicated	JB	I'm best friends with my crush, and at first I was fine with being just friends because I thought I'd be able to get over this crush just like allll my past crushes, but now the more I hang out with them the more I romantically like them, so I feel like I need space to get over them.   The thing is, I do NOT want to tell them I have feelings for them, and cutting someone off or just being like "hey, I need space from you," without further explanation seems mean/rude, ESPECIALLY with how often they have talked to me about how hurt they've been in the past when past friends have cut them off without explanation.   Is there a way for me to ask for space WITHOUT giving them reasoning as to why? I know for a FACT they are not anywhere NEAR being attracted to me, so avoiding telling them my feelings is my main goal but I also frankly would prefer to not lie to them.   This seems like a stupid post, and maybe there's a totally obvious and logical solution to this that I'm simply too blind to see so please don't be TOO harsh 😭💀   Also, did I pick the right flair? Does romantic work for this? Sorry if I did that wrong. 
133	adjudicated	YTB	   Sorry, English is not my first language.  I {14M}, had made friends with this sweet girl {15F}, which who I'll call Kit.   Kit has been friends with me for six months along with this cool dude as well {14M}, which I'll call him Rain. Also, we'll include another person who we'll call Azure {16F} who is Kit's other friend.        Overall, we all hang out and have fun. We went to an escape room, swam together, and even attended an anime convention. Both of their families are nice, and we've gotten pretty chummy with each other.   Recently, I've had a sleepover with Kit, with Rain only being able to hang out for us for a select amount of time due to his mother restricting him.      Which was questionable somewhat, earlier at the sleepover things were calm. All of us were walking around the neighborhood together and laughed lightheartedly. Doing typical fun things.  She has a strange history of lying about things. First, she lied about being from Japan and speaking Japanese. Secondly, she lied to me about knowing Spanish. I have caught her red-handed before since I'm able to speak it rudimentarily. Thirdly, lying about her weight.  This is the biggest one. Kit has lied about having numerous boyfriends, even up to 20 at a time without even telling them. These are just all of the things I've solely encountered; Kit has done and stated weirder things in front of others that I simply do not wish to know.   Back to the sleepover. When it was around midnight, I and Kit decided to fill out some online quizzes for fun. Both of us were getting tired. While doing the quiz, I had to explain some of the terminology to her. At the end of the quiz, she'd randomly stated being a "Masofist". (Masochist.) I corrected her, saying it was Masochist. She blatantly insisted that it was "Masofist" instead of masochist. Which was annoying but I decided to not argue over a stupid thing.        Then, I asked how she would define the word. She'd incorrectly define the word and directly say the definition of self-mutilation. I corrected her again and didn't press on it further. Since I didn't want to constantly argue with her since it was just juvenile, and she wouldn't listen to me regardless.  After the sleepover, all of us had a good weekend and I've been looking out for her displaying signs. One day in school, Me and Rain were talking and being silly. If I were honest, Kit is kind of the butt of our jokes. I told Rain about the whole "Masofist" thing, and we were goofing off about it. (Note: We weren't posting on social media, blasting it to the whole school, or anything like that)  When we saw Kit, we made the joke around her. And I subtly yelled it out as a smaller joke, hinting that she was into public humiliation. Overall, we just kept joking about it whenever me and Rain saw each other.   One day, Rain kept yelling "Kit is a Masofist" in front of Azure. Then, Kit told Rain that she was considering leaving the friend group since we were outing a personal thing.  AITA?
432	adjudicated	YTB	Me (12M) and my girlfriend (12F) have been dating for almost a year, but recently I have found myself losing interest in her so I have been talking to other girls, my girlfriend said I can have their number too. But they match my energy and I like them more. But now it’s a delema. I have to choose between two girls. And it tears me apart.   I make innaproprite jokes with one of my female friends I have a crush on, and I feel more attracted to her. But the other girl also makes me feel loved and accepted. It’s all so much to take in  My girlfriend doesn’t know I have a crush on my newfound friends and I have considered leaving her for one of them. But I still do love my girlfriend   I’ve been like this for the whole week and I just want to come clean but it’s so hard. I feel like I’m cheating. And I most likely am. And I feel terrible for it.   I chickened out on a kiss and with one of the two girls too, and I was depressed for the rest of the day. But both of the girls I hang out with now have a crush on me and I have plans to actually kiss them, but now I have to deny one of them   Am I the asshole?    Hey so this feud recently ended so here’s the update. One of the girls exposed me in front of all her friends and twisted my story to make me look like a pervert, (this was completely not true) and now I am the only thing to protect my relationship with my original girlfriend so yeah it practically all is going to shit
411	adjudicated	YTB	So I (19m) was talking and hanging out with this one girl (18f) for about 2 weeks. I’ll call her sarah. I met sarah at a mutual friend’s party and we hit it off pretty quickly. She asked me for my snap and I gave it to her. Then we started hanging out and I thought I really liked this girl. We started doing sexual things from the first time we hung out alone. For most of those 2 weeks I thought i was having genuine feelings for her. Then, the last time we hung out, I started to realize that all of my feelings for her have completely gone away, but I didn’t want to tell her just yet because I felt really bad. Then, she started to come onto me and wanted to have sex, so I went with it even though I didn’t like her like that, I thought it was fine at the time. Right after, I felt like shit and felt really bad about what I just did. I was just wondering if I was a dickhead for this. AITB?
277	adjudicated	JB	My bf (25m) moved in with me (24f) at my mothers house at the beginning of 2023. This happened at the same time he began receiving disability unemployment insurance. I met this man in 2012, so I fell in love with him long before his current state of health. His doc declared him disabled (based off a terrible ankle sprain dated 2019). The only option was to get on disability benefits since he can’t get a job that doesn’t require him to move and use his feet. But if he had sought the proper care in 2019 he wouldn’t be in this position. AITB for wanting him to be able to provide for me? Or at least pick up some weight. He refuses to do any chores cause apparently I yelled at him one time 13 months ago over something petty. I’m just stumped
407	adjudicated	NTB	Hi Everyone, I could use some outside perspective. My wife and I have been together since 2015 and got married last year. We were in school for a majority of our relationship. We just bought our first house together in May. Before that, we lived with her mother for two years, so it’s been a significant change to finally live just the two of us.  Here’s the issue: We’ve been discussing starting a family, and while I’m excited about the prospect, I feel like we need more time. Living with her and her mom for 2 years especially when married for 1 of those years it didn’t give us much privacy or space to be ‘us.’ Now that we have our own place, I thought we could enjoy some time together, just the two of us, to settle in and strengthen our relationship in our new home.  I’m also aware that my wife is getting older and is keen on having a baby soon. Out of respect for her feelings and biological clock, I suggested we start trying around June or July next year. However, she’s been pressuring me to start sooner ever since we moved into our own house since may of this year. This pressure makes me feel like the bad guy for wanting to wait a bit longer.  But like I’m literally saying June ish July ish around there of 2024. Because she’s a teacher too she gets 3 months off for the summer if we can get around there she either gets paternity leave and the 3 months so maybe 6 months or a little less off which is great for both of us or just the 3 months and hey she gets to keep all the sick time she saved for emergencies and what not which is also amazing.  So, AITBF for wanting to delay having a baby for a year to enjoy some time with my wife in our new home? I’m torn between wanting to be supportive of her desires and feeling like we’re rushing into this next phase without appreciating the present.  Thanks for your input.
421	adjudicated	YTB	*I've had a friend for a while and he just turned 26 less than a month ago. I recently found out he entered a relationship with a 20 year old and I got disgusted as that is a child. I first called him out and sent this:*   *" Why are you 26 dating a girl whos 20. What the fµck do you have in common with a fµck!ng 20 year old? I’ve never been more pissed in my fµck!ng life. You are closer to 30 with ME and you’re dating someone who’s hasn’t touched drinking age. What the fµck is wrong with you? 20 year olds have nothing in common with people our age and you know that. fµck you. Don’t contact me on my side account, don’t look for me on IG. I’m not having a conversation with you cause WHAT THE fµck IS THERE TO SAY. This friendship that I THOUGHT was good is fµck!ng over since you think this behavior is okay. You're weird and nasty"*     *I feel so betrayed that he could do this and still processing it and all. AITB*   
117	adjudicated	NTB	I collect dinosaur and reptile fossils. In addition to adding to my personal collection, I also like to buy common, cheap fossils in bulk such as mosasaur teeth, megalodon tooth fragments and dinosaur bone chunks and give them away locally to kids.   In November, I reserved a partial megalodon tooth and a Lance Formation dinosaur bone fragment for a woman on Facebook who wanted them for her daughter. She took weeks to organize any pickup times, then she made numerous pickup times but cancelled at the last minute every time. I gave her an ultimatum and she has not replied since the end of December despite me asking her if she could confirm a pickup time.  Would I be the asshole for canceling her reservation and giving the fossils to someone else? Because I feel like she's been wasting my time (I literally give these specimens away for free), but I also don't want her daughter (assuming she exists) to miss out.  After my last disastrous post (which I really don't want to talk about, but I'll understand if you want to give me shit about it), I thought I might talk about a lesser issue affecting me right now. I only ask that if you do bring it up, please also give me advice on this situation.
364	adjudicated	EAB	My boyfriend's daughter (8f)  had the audacity to tell her school and friends thay i'm her personal servant and i'm a unpaid nanny who lives with her dad, but I am so livid that my boyfriend's daughter would try to brush me off as some nanny or hired servant and my boyfriend or his daughters mum can't pick her up due to my boyfriend being ill and his kids mums car has broken down. I understand i'm not her parent, but I do want her to be civil atleast as her father's girlfriend since they are also in my care during his custody time and I help look after his children. It feels like even a personal servant, maid or a unpaid nanny get more respect and taken more seriously.  I don't usually pick her up, but she was feeling sick and no one else was able to pick her up [my boyfriend's kids mum went nc with her parents so they can't pick her up, and there's a virus going around where I live so that's why alot of people are poorly and unable to pick her up], his parents are in United States. My boyfriend does do something about her behaviour, tells her off and she's even in therapy and we changed therapists to, but I still can't believe she would disrespect me like that regardless. I decided I didn't want to put up with her disrespect and I want to not pick her up anymore if she will continue to disrespect me, but I feel bad about leaving a sick child at school or burderning her maternal grandparents and my boyfriend. WIBTBF if I stop picking my boyfriends daughter up?  edit to add because of post character limit, I also want to add that I am on the emergency contact list. Apparently she got this idea from a post on social media where a girl referred to her stepparent as her personal servant because one of her cousins uses reddit (most of her cousins are older) and she overlooked at the post and thought it would be funny to do it to me aswell. I don't know how 8 year olds can understand reddit but it surprised me aswell.
427	adjudicated	NTB	My dad is for all intents and purposes alive and able-bodied. He's also the biggest piece of shit I know. Very abusive, and even been arrested for it.  I'm trans and he's prejudiced about it. I've gone no contact with him but that's not the point of this.  I've already legally changed my name and am going to be doing it again when I get married to my fiance in a few years as I've accepted more of myself.  For everyone who's never known me as my necroname they have no way of actually finding out who my dad is As I'm starting this new life with a new name and with my spouse, I want some control back of what the story of my life is to be able to tell how I got to be the woman I am but also know that he will never have an active part in my life again.  So I've decided since there's nothing my dad could ever do to get me to acknowledge his existence ever again, anyone that asks me about my folks I tell them "Well he passed away sometime after my mom finally got the courage to divorce him, but I had gone no contact by that point so idk how it happened nor do I care to find out. I'm never naming names and never telling it in an official enough channel that it could cause issues with like his social security card, but part of There's just a little part of me that feels like building a foundation of a new life on a lie is just asking for trouble down the road.  I'm not doing this to try to get him to lose his SSA and disability benefits or anything negative affecting him I'm never even using his name. It's not about him at all. it's about my taking back control of what semblance of life I have left and saying "For all that it affects me, my dad is dead so I'm telling people that
199	adjudicated	INFO	Update: screw Crayon, and screw trying to get the last word. He can sit in silence and suffer from the consequences of his actions. While it may give me a little satisfaction, would it be worth it? Heck no. After all the stupid things he did, he doesn't get the honour of getting more out of me.  Also made some edits for clarification/grammar  This text is about my experience with an online friend named Crayon. Initially, we had casual interactions. We started playing together more frequently, exchanged social media accounts, and even referred to each other by our real names. However, he left the game because of another player. But he came back not to long after that!  During a candle run, I accidentally called him by his in-game name instead of his real name, which resulted in him blocking me briefly. He explained that, and that his previous block was due to a fallout with a different friend.  Eventually, Crayon confessed his feelings for me, which I misunderstood as platonic. He expressed a desire for a romantic in-game emote specifically to do with me, which further confused me, because I just didn't connect the two dots.  During a conversation on Instagram, Crayon made a disturbing comment about imagining my body, after I told him I was going to have a shower. He only apologised after I pointed out that he never said sorry. Despite these instances, I didn't block him (even though I probably should've).   Later on, during another candle run, Crayon confessed his romantic feelings for me. I explained that I did not return those feelings, which led to him no longer wanting to be friends. I tried to get him to stay, but his only response was that he'd have to "continue suppressing a love that would never blossom".  Before blocking me on all platforms, Crayon expressed his inability to suppress his unrequited love and sent me a song called "You Don't See Me" by Safetysuit. Its lyrics about not being seen the same way hurt me too, because he only saw me as a GF, while I only saw him as a friend. He unblocked me after about a week.   Since then, I have blocked him myself and now feel tempted to unblock him temporarily just to tell him how much what he did hurt before blocking him again, because I want to be the one who gets the last word. WIBTB if I did this?
234	adjudicated	NTB	AMITA. I have 2 Roomates that I meet on facebook. (First mistake) I moved in with practically nothing building up due to a new job and moving in a rush. Context they both are white with a dog, and I’m black. Let’s call them Ryan and Olivia  Not trying to make it a race thing  The first flag was after the first night they went into my room when I went in for my job orientation. They said the dog went into the room and they went to get him. Weird, but ok. They asked if I needed help due to me not having any furniture. I slept on the floor the first night so. It’s the first night  2nd Flag. I brought groceries for myself and Ryan ate literally 90% of my snacks. I brushed it off.  3rd Red flag. The dog. The dog constantly barks especially when I get ready to go to sleep for work since I work 12 hr weekend shifts. They just let him bark literally all night they’ve asked me to feed him let him out, but I do to be a good Roomate.  4th red flag: Lying to the government. They both applied for food stamps when they both have an inheritance and take more flights than the city girls. Ryan lied to them and got them so did Olivia.  The last flag was Ryan makes direct digs at black people. Like he said why do black businesses get a week to be when if it was white businesses did it it’ll be a problem. He also mentioned women working isn’t really needed they don’t anything.  Update: They made a bathroom rules list and which one I agree with. I used the bathroom and accidentally pooped on the bidet. He texted about it but I cleaned it. There’s other rules that target specific people
345	adjudicated	YTB	 I was at my friend’s place, who is a babysitter but busy at that time.  Some mothers and kids arrived, expecting my friend. I asked them to wait  and started talking with the kids to pass the time.   I was doing a research on ancient dogs   So the little kids always wanted me to teach them about ancient dogs   so i showed them this ancient roman funeral poem for lapdog to them.   Heres the poem   [https://imgur.com/a/XHpiZ7J](https://imgur.com/a/XHpiZ7J)   So  I started to read this and they loved it. It all went well until  suddenly this topic of slavery was brought up. I didn't want to lie to  them because you have to be realistic when it comes to history, so I  told them about these marble tombs on which the poem was written, which  were most likely made by slaves because in ancient Rome it was one of  the common practices for slaves to engrave tombs. Then one of their moms  started arguing with me that it was unnecessary to bring up the topic  of slavery, I should be taking care of the kids. I told them that it’s  my friend who is the babysitter, not me, and I was just giving them  information to pass the time.   They started speaking harshly, took the kids, and went out without saying anything. 
203	adjudicated	NTB	I live with my girlfriend and we live in the UK. I work from home and don't mind public transport for when I need to go out so I have no interest in getting a car. My girlfriend is starting a new job where she will need a car.   She found one she likes and complained that the insurance was going to be expensive and asked if I would pay a monthly fee towards it. I asked if she was going to put me on the insurance but she said no, she wants it to just be her on the insurance.   I told her I didn't really want to pay for a car i can't drive and that I'll give her petrol money when we go out together in it but that's all I'll be paying.   She said I was being unfair since I'd still benefit from it since we'll be getting public transport less. I said you can't force a benefit on someone when they didn't ask for it and just expect them to pay. She said I wasn't being reasonable and that she isn't asking for much.   I just repeated that I won't be paying.   AITB for refusing to pay towards a car I cannot drive?
181	adjudicated	JB	I 18M and my former friend 19M got into a fight today after he began calling our friends whores and slags even when they asked him to stop.   Eventually he called one of them a no good whore who no man will ever truely love and she is a glorified sex toy. She was crying.   I punched him clean in the face and me and him just kept hitting eachother in short he has two black eyes and a minor concusion and is still standing by what he said. I have a fractured pelvis.  So AITB
167	adjudicated	YTB	For context, I M24 am Native American and am currently dating “K” F24 who is of Indian Ethnicity. This situation came about as we just went to a wedding last week. We took some great pictures and I posted her on my Instagram for the first time as we’ve only been dating 6 months. A few days ago I get sent a screenshot from one of my old friends in highschool of a groupchat of a bunch of old classmates.   I was never super close to a bunch of people in the groupchat but I would still consider them people I used to be on friendly terms with. In the groupchat, I’m being called an asshole and a predator because I supposedly have a creepy thing for only Asian women. This really put me in a sad place as I never heard this from anyone before and never even thought that it was weird as all of my relationships in the past were with very different people mentally/physically and have had very different cultures from one another as I’ve never dated two women with the same ethnic background (it makes me feel weird even explaining people only by their ethnicity).   For context, I’ve had 5 now serious relationships starting at the age of 15. All of them occurred naturally in different environments. The area I grew up in was predominantly white but my biggest hobbies/extracurriculars were orchestra and Stem which usually consisted of mostly Asians (I’m not trying to stereotype, it was the actual reality of the groups I was in). I then decided to study Biomedical engineering at a private institution on the east coast which once again was predominantly Asian. Most of my best male friends now that I met in college are also Asian but once again, that’s bound to happen due to environments I was in and never personally chose to be friends with them because they were Asian. I just don’t understand what I did for people to think of me like that and am starting to worry that I am an asshole somehow.   So Reddit, AITAH?
270	adjudicated	YTB	Throw away account, as I don't use reddit often.  About 6 months ago, I (27 M), made the decision to ghost a close friend (24 FM) because of the state of our friendship.  My friend (lets call her Lucy) and I originally met at my former job about 3 or 4 years ago.  At the time, I was a Team Lead, and was tasked with showing Lucy the workings of the store.  I was the sole employee responsible for training her.  Needless to say, because of this, we ended up spending a lot of time together, and quickly became friends.  After being friends for about 6 months or so, Lucy decided to tell me that she had a crush on me from basically the moment that we first met, and had decided to keep those feelings down and hidden because I had "been one of the only people in her life to treat her like an actual person", but she quickly realized that she couldn't keep those feelings inside.  I told her that I appreciated her confession, but we can only be friends, as I was in a very committed relationship with my girlfriend.  She said she understood, and replied with "I just needed to tell you and get these feelings out so I could move on".  At that point, I thought that everything was resolved, and for the time, that seemed to be the case.  Over the next 6 months, I noticed that the friendship began to feel one-sided.  Conversations were always about her, and not about anything I was dealing with in my life.  After another 2 months, I got the opportunity to quit the job we shared, and pursue my dream job. I jumped at this chance. When I told Lucy the news, she was angry that I was "abandoning her".  We eventually got past that, and still made time to hangout.  Soon after, my partner and I got the opportunity to move into a house with our mutual friend.  When I told Lucy, she was pissed.  Again, she accused me of abandoning her, even though I was only moving 15 minutes further away (we both have cars and drive).  It was here that we cut ties for a while.  8 months without any contact, before we reconnected and decided to give our friendship another try.  It was good for a while, but eventually, more of the same.  She confessed she never lost feelings for me, we argued whenever I couldn't hang out, and that she never made the effort to drive down to see me instead. Whenever I tried to share my feelings, I was met with silence.  Eventually, we both came to the conclusion that neither of us were "giving the other what we wanted from this friendship".  To me, that was a very clear sign that this was over. For good this time.  2 weeks later, she texted me asking to go see a movie with her, acting like we hadn't just ended our friendship.  I decided not to respond, because nothing I seemed to say would ever get through to her.  2 more days passed before I got another text basically saying "I'm moving back home soon, and I hope to see you before I leave".  I still didn't respond, and I haven't heard from her since.  AITB for ghosting Lucy because of how things ended?
111	adjudicated	NTB	 I'm 40. My parents have been friends, with Jill &amp; Marco for over twenty years. My parents met them at the preschool of one of my siblings in the 90's. Each couple has two kids, each close in age to one of the other couple's. Then there's me- I am 11+ years older than each of the other four kids. My siblings, and Jill &amp; Marco's kids grew up together, and my parents became best-parent-friends with Jill &amp; Marco. I knew Jill &amp; Marco well growing up, but as an awkward, quiet teenager, I spent dinners and get-togethers, left to read a book in the corner, or otherwise sit quietly at the adult table. I baby sat all of the kids collectively many times... for free, but not the issue.  Now all the younger kids are in their 20's. Jill &amp; Marco's oldest kid, Taylor, is getting married, and sent my parents a very ambiguous invitation addressed to "The LastName Family", and doesn't have the number of seats listed. My parents sent a photo of it to the group chat, and my family chatted about their +1s, and the date, and other wedding-y issues.  Without thinking, I simply went silent in the family group chat. While my parents have remained close to Jill &amp; Marco, and my siblings are probably social-media friends with their kids, I have only seen Taylor maybe twice in the last 15 years, and I've never met the fiancee. I don't know what either of them do for a living. I've seen Jill &amp; Marco in passing when they were visiting my parents a handful of times. I'm not a part of their lives, nor are any of them a part of mine.  Aside from barely knowing them any more, I am an older-style millennial, and I think weddings are mostly performative, and I just don't like them. I think big weddings with hundreds of people you haven't seen in decades are weird and narcissistic.  A couple weeks later, my parents asked me what I was going to wear to Taylor's wedding. I said that I had no intention of going Taylor's wedding, and I hadn't RSVP'd. When asked why, I cited all of the reasons above- I don't know them, I don't like weddings, and I also don't work a normal 9-to-5, so I'd have to take from my limited vacation requests to attend something that I don't feel an attachment to.  My dad flipped out. He started yelling that it's never okay to turn your back on family, and that if someone thinks enough of you to invite you to an important event, there are no excuses not to go, unless you physically cannot get there. He was saying that "family is family", and that if I want to be seen is a "rude b/tch" that declines a wedding invitation then that's my choice. My mom says that I'm always the difficult one and want to cause waves. We haven't spoken since.  I've declined wedding invitations from actual closer acquaintances that I see regularly, and would of course go if it was someone important to me. It doesn't seem like a big deal to decline.  Jill, Marco &amp; Taylor are also not related to us, AND the invitation didn't even have my name on it. It didn't even have my last name, since my parents didn't give me theirs.  Am I really the problem for declining?
304	adjudicated	YTB	I live in the UK and my partner and I had a holiday booked for yesterday which we were really looking forward to. Last week I had an uncomfortable feeling in my right hand side. I had a doctors appointment for something else anyway so I mentioned this and they said it is likely to be nothing and to let them know if it gets any worse.  For a day or two it was still there but not painful so I didn't think about it and then the day before our flight I was in horrible pain. I was advised to go to A&amp;E as it was possible appendicitis. I went to A&amp;E and it was a 5 hour wait which meant I was in awful pain for the full thing and also we missed our flight since it was an early flight and we were supposed to be staying over at an airport hotel .  When I saw a doctor they did an ultrasound and felt my stomach and side. They said it wasn't appendicitis but they weren't sure what it was. They prescribed me some painkillers and sent me home. One of the first comments my girlfriend made was "well there's the holiday ruined" and she mentioned that we'd lost our money.   I pointed out I could hardly have just ignored the fact I was in pain and she just said I can't exactly expect her to be fine with losing money and missing out on the trip. I told her the least she could do was show some compassion and she just said that we still could have went since the doctors didn't do anything. I just repeated she could at least act like she cares and that I could hardly help being ill.   She just said I was wrong for expecting her to just be fine with losing the money and missing out.  AITB for causing us to miss out holiday?
51	adjudicated	NTB	I (23, NB) broke up with my now ex girlfriend (26, F) on Monday. Due to several reasons I don't wish to discuss as it's a painful subject at this point.  Now I run a Role Playing Discord Server, for well over a year at this point. The members are a long term friend group of mine with a few additions here and there.  I invited my ex months back, before we were dating, she became friends with people on there and we ended up dating but have now split.  Yesterday I wanted to remove her, I talked to a friend and they strongly disagreed with it. Saying if my girlfriend had dumped me instead I'd still be expected to keep her in the server, and told me "we both know she was using you as a therapist" which was part of the reason I broke up with her, along with other things.  They suggested I talk to ex, I did and she agreed to leave. I told her I'd let her stay till she set up a new server and friended people, as I didn't want to cut her off I just don't want to be around her.  After this she told our friends who told her to stay anyway, and she back tracked.  It went public and I was told to put her in "quarantine" (restricting her to only a couple chats) so I could pretend she doesn't exist. I insisted I just want her to leave so I could have space to heal.  I was called stubborn, told I was breaking the community, told I was "kicking her out of our home", and when I brought up how I just didn't want my ex in my passion project I was told "it's not your passion project anymore it's a community"  Context: The server is a Murder Mystery at heart. I run the server, I built the server from scratch for us to play, I wrote up the Scenarios that I run, make Roles for people to pick from, and made countless role-playing chats. I run this entirely alone the majority of the time, hence why I class it as my passion project. This is something important enough to me I want to make it my career, this is a well known fact within the group.  I offered to build a server for the ex, but wasn't enough. While this was going on they made a secret second server anyway despite repeatedly saying "a second server would just die out"  Now Ex is in their "quarantine" and I've seen her state "I'm infected with Bad Guy disease and [Me] is unvaccinated" in their not so secret second server.  I am extremely uncomfortable even being around my ex, but it seems that nobody is willing to hear me out. They keep saying they're not taking sides or forcing me to put her mental health above my own, so maybe I'm just over reacting?  Everyone I tell outside the server says they're being unreasonable so idk what to think anymore, I just wanted space while I processed stuff.  TLDR: I wanted to remove my ex from my server and many of my friends on there are refusing to let me, non server friends think they're being unreasonable and I just want space from the ex. 
50	adjudicated	NTB	   I have worked in my current job for around 16 months. I have the option of working from home as often as I would like with the exceptions of in person full team meetings etc. My old team were not really social and all hate coming into the office.   Due to this I only tended to go in around once every 2 months. When I started work another person started at the same time as me and she also only went into the office every few months due to her team.  A couple of months ago we both changed team and were put into the same team. This team is a lot more social. They like going into the office either individually or as a team and enjoy going for lunch and planning social activities. I like this as I like being in the office.  I love working from home but it can feel quite isolating. I now go into the office once or twice a week. Not everyone from the team are there when I go in but whenever people from the team are there we will sit together, grab lunch etc.  My team has 8 people, 5 of these are women and 3 are men. There have been times where I'll go into the office and there's only 1 member of the team there and we'll go to lunch while also still inviting anyone else who is in the office.   My partner has started having a problem with me going into the office as regularly as I am. This has often been with the person who started at the same time as me but it has also been with other team members.  She said it's weird going for lunch 1 on 1 with another woman but I just pointed out they were my colleagues and it's not like it's ever planned to just be 2 of us in, it just depends on the rest of the team.  My gf has said she thinks if it's only going to be 1 member of the team in the office that I shouldn't go in or at least go to lunch with them. I told her there shouldn't be a problem with me making friends at work but she just said its disrespectful that I'm not listening to her and considering not going to lunch 1 on 1 with another woman. I'm not sure what to do here, does anyone have any advice on how to handle this situation?  AITB for going for lunch with colleagues?
410	adjudicated	NTB	I am a first year student at uni and my mom (with help of my grandma) bought me a travel laptop so I could work on schoolwork while at school (we have 3 hour gaps between classes and I live near the school).  I was suprised by it because when I they offered me this option of a gift on my birthday I refused, as I already have a laptop (but a really heavy and big one, as I needed it for more than writing documents). I used to borrow my moms laptop as it is much lighter, but besides one day in a week I only had it borrowed when she was at work, alas not using it.  The laptop they bought for me cost around 340 USD if new, if it matters, and was bought from a family friend (he resells electronics ans this specific one used to be his) so the price should be lower. I am really grateful for the gift that was meant to help me, but for this reason i dont know how to feel.  Before this I was thinking about buying a tablet that has a pen (the specific one costs i think 300 USD) so I wouldnt bother my mom with borrowing her laptop and so I could use it instead of bringing numerous notebooks with me, and could draw on the go when I have time.  The laptop they bought for me has a touch screen so I was thrilled because of that. My laptop had MS Word already built in, but with the travel one i haave to use the free online version, but the functions i HAVE to use are only in the full version. I am able to pay for one-time payments (even if bigger), but not for monthly ones. The touch screen is also no help as it is not designed for taking notes nor drawing and really is basically only TOUCH screen. Plus we found out the travel laptop has trouble turning on from sleep mode and has to be always turned off and then on completely. They did not know about this when they bought it.  I also think the family friend "scammed" them again and sold it for the of 350 USD price (even tho it was being used- i know that for sure cuz a photo of his dog stayed on it) and told them the og price is higher. He did that before to my grandma, sold her a laptop for 220 USD and said the og price when it started to be sold was 1350 USD (if i remember right, it is rn sold for 170 USD actually).  I dont want to look ungrateful, because I really am grateful and touched by them thinking about me, but besides no backpain it gave me more troubles.  If I was to replace it with the said tablet, I would do it with my own money, but would want to return the notebook and give them their money. I feel really bad for not using the notebook as much as I would want to and feel as if it was saying them that i dont care about the gift. I probably will stick to the laptop because I really dont want to disappoint. Im really sorry for a long post, but just typing "i dont like the laptop." doesnt cover my feelings and points at all. (Also, I'm not really sure why I am not able to post on AITA)
279	adjudicated	EAB	Alright so I, F22, have been dating my BF, m36, for a decent amount of time. We haven't had too many problems in our relationship besides a few spats here and there. Well last night we were supposed to have a date night that was planned out for two weeks in advance. I had even gotten us reservations to a decent restaurant. Well he told me at like noon today that him and his buddies at work had a lot of stuff to do, which I understand because he's military later on that day about two hours after he was supposed to get off I saw on one of our mutual friends, who's in the same unit's, stories and saw them all drinking at a bar. When my BF got home that night I confronted him about it and he told me that they had gotten done earlier than expected but still an hour later than usual and he figured that since he had told me and I had already canceled that it would be fine. I told him that he still should have told me. This led to an argument where I ended up ending things with him because he lost my trust. I've gotten mixed answers from my friends so AITB?
134	adjudicated	NTB	I [24f] cancelled a date planned for tonight and I’m wondering if Im a dick for it.   For context, we [27m] matched on hinge a couple weeks ago, went on a date last Saturday (2/10).  The date was pretty good! My only complaint was that towards the end he wanted to booty grab/make out every 5 minutes. I don’t mind a little pda but it was a bit much for me.  Despite this, I had a good enough time that we agreed to go on a second date on 2/17.  Now here is some important context. 1.) I’m celibate, and serious about it since was SA’d by my last partner. 2.) I want something casual right now. I can’t see anyone more than once or twice a week because I work full time, im studying for the lsat, and I workout 4-5 times a week.   A couple days after our first date, I was up front that im celibate, don’t have time for anything super serious, but I do like him and would like to see him again.   He was generally receptive but a there were some yellow flags:  1. He said he’d be cool with no sex if he knew our dynamic would  eventually lead *somewhere*…not sure how to answer that because I don’t want to promise anything.  2. He said he was looking for his person, that he really likes me, and that he eventually wanted a girlfriend and wasn’t here to play games.  I promised I’d let him know ASAP if I wasn’t interested as not to lead him on.   As the week progressed, I noticed that our feelings are unbalanced. He showered me in compliments, texted me constantly, responded to every sm story I posted etc., l was responsive but felt a little overwhelmed. All the while our “expectations” convo replayed in my mind.  On Thursday I had a health scare. Nothing serious, but serious enough that I can’t eat red meat or exercise for at least 3 weeks. He’s extremely kind and attentive, but I feel terrible knowing I have to tell him I can’t go on our date. Besides the health reasons, the way he treated me made me realize I’m not in the same headspace as him, and it wouldn’t be fair to have him spend more money on me.   Yesterday, he asks me if we’re still good for Saturday and I tell him I physically can’t bowl, but that I also think I want something more casual than what he’s looking for. I feel terrible, but I figured he’d have no problem cancelling the reservations with more than 24 hrs notice. His tone towards me understandably shifts.  ….What I didn’t realize is that he made reservations at an expensive bowling lounge that required a $220 non refundable deposit— he wanted me to Venmo half. I’ve been bowling locally and NEVER paid that much, but I looked it up l and it’s true. I feel bad he can’t get a refund but I also don’t think I should have to pay him? Had I went out with him he wouldn’t expect me to pay, plus I never asked him to or wanted him to take me somewhere so expensive for our second date.  My friends think I’ve done nothing wrong, but my parents think I should’ve went anyways and that I was disrespectful and lowkey ungrateful.   I still feel quite conflicted about things….AITB??  EDIT: thanks everyone that’s responded! I don’t really feel guilty about things anymore and it sounds like he was love bombing me.  I also want to clarify, I don’t think celibate describes my relationship with sex and I’ve been using the label wrong. I’m open to having sex again (and I’d like to lol), I’m just vetting out guys that ONLY want me for sex. I’ve been hypersexualized by most of my past partners and SA’d by my most recent ex, so I’m trying to be more cautious.  Sorry for the confusion!
101	adjudicated	NTB	   My dad and his roomate have been living together for a long time since my mom broke up with my dad. I live with my mom btw and visit my dads house from time to time. I’m now 19 years old and since i was a kid i would visit my dads house and talk to my dads roomate and hang with him. Now times have changed tho and i just don’t really want talk/hang with him all the time plus i got aspergers so i don’t talk much. He knows this too and i explained it to him.   I think it’s weird for a 19 year old to be hanging around a 60+ year old unless it’s a family member. I notice he is being insecure about it. He acts edgy by giving me this weird side eye, he is staring at me, he constantly asks me why i’m so quiet and i tell him that there’s no reason and he will keep constantly asking to the point where i had to yell at him once cuz it was getting on my nerves.   After i explained to him why i’m not like who i am back jen he still acts the same. I wanted to have my alone time on my phone and he tells me”are you going to sit with me” and i said i was fine for now and he said “oh ok so you just wanna be all by yourself” in a edgy tone. Like bro you’re my dads friend not mines 
409	adjudicated	JB	One day, when I (24m) was seven years old, I was spending the afternoon at a church "friend's" place. I'll call him John. John and I weren't really close, but our moms were. She brought me along and told me to try and get along, maybe make his acquaintance. He was around my age and was hosting his own three friends upstairs while all the moms chatted downstairs.        At some point, one of his friends decided to do some acrobatics on a computer chair for some stupid reason and busted the thing. They then proceeded to blame it on me. At first I was confused, but by the time I began pleading to my mom everyone was convinced I had not only broken the chair but also was desperately in denial and I even got a beating because of it. Needless to say that event has traumatized me somewhat and I still have trust issues that I can directly trace to it. To this day I vividly remember how coolly they lied about it and still hate them for it.   After that, I kept my distance from John at church and just buried all my frustration. After some years, he left the state with his family and returned only last year. Last week my mom held a small gathering with some friends from the church and the bastard came too. I left the church as a teenager, but I still have some friends who go and so I like to be at the gatherings too. When he came to greet my mom and me my mom asked him if he still remembered playing with me. He said something along the lines of "oh, it's been so long, I'm not sure I do. Do you, \[my name\]?' and I don't know exactly why but a lot of anger came up suddenly at that and I just threw my whole pint of Coke on his face. He looked confused and then got angry and left the party shortly after. The mood soured and it didn't help that I stayed and just acted like nothing had happened.   Later, after telling my mom that I couldn't really resist the urge to do it and explaining the reason behind it, she said she didn't even remember the chair incident but that regardless what I did was unacceptable and that I should apologize. It's been a week and I feel very disinclined to apologize to John, but my mom keeps insisting that I do and now a close friend of mine has told me that what I did was really bad and so I'm wondering if I had no right at all to do what I did and am indeed a jerk for doing it.   
460	adjudicated	JB	my husband (27M) and i (27F) are currently living with my in laws as our house is under renovations. we agreed to pay rent till the renovations are complete.  my FIL (59M) declared that he will give us a tv as a house warming gift. my husband and i didn’t care much for one and were more concerned with other necessities such as a fridge and washer etc. so we just told them to get any they are comfortable to get us.   a trip to the shop later, FIL was so overwhelmed by the salesperson that he told us, “here’s 2k, go knock yourselves out”.   after much deliberation, my husband and i decided on a 2.2k tv. if we didn’t have the 2k promised by my FIL, we wouldn’t have gotten one at that price.   here’s where we hit a bump. FIL *said* he would give. we failed to realise he did not have the GTG from the MIL.  MIL controls the finances of the household.  in the grand scheme of things, 2k isn’t a lot but it is at the moment, dealing with renovations and purchasing other appliances…  so we raised up this concern and suggested if we could compromise by not paying rental to reach the 2k FIL promised.  MIL says that’s a “ridiculous” idea and the 2k was a “goodwill” on their part while the rental was determined. now the argument is leaning towards them not paying the 2k.  AITA? is there another solution? we aren’t sure if we can return the tv. it’s the christmas season and the store we got our items from are closed till january.
431	adjudicated	INFO	My bf invited me to a destination wedding at an all inclusive in DR. At first I didn't want to attend because I didn't know this family member of his getting married, I had just started a new job and I would not have enough leave, and because I had been planning to bank my leave for a vacation spot on the bucket list. He really wanted me to go because it meant a lot to him and it was an opportunity to introduce me to his family so I agreed. He then wanted to extend our stay, at first didn't want to but then I caved again because I didn't want to be so negative on our second real trip together. I paid for my own flight costs and room costs it was about 1k.   Then a week after the event I get invoiced by him for the sunblock he bought that we shared, tips for the bar (I actually don't drink), as well as the wedding gift itself which was $400. He said I could pay him back as much as I wanted so I split the cost of tips and sunblock. If roles were reversed I would not expect my plus one to pay for the gift of my family member they didn't know. And sunblock? Is this normal?  TLDR; as a plus one WIBTB if I don't contribute to the wedding gift to a couple I do not know.
490	adjudicated	NBH	I (20NB) and my fiancé (23F) were originally planning to spend New Year’s Eve with a close friend and his aunt who lives in our city. We are going three and a half hours out of town for Christmas to see both of our families, but we have to come back home right after Christmas due to her work schedule. She’s only been in her current job for a few months, and can’t get much time off work. I on the other hand have been with my current job for over a year, and was able to get more time. We are both going to be off on New Year’s Eve specifically, but only I will be able to get New Year’s Day off.   Two months ago, my best friend from late middle school (20F) (who is also close to my fiancé) told us that she was engaged to her long term partner, and they wanted to get married on New Year’s Eve. The wedding was definitely planned on short notice, but New Year’s Eve is an important date for them, and they were able to secure a small venue, a dress, an officiant, and pretty much everything you’d need for a small wedding on the date. My fiancé and I were initially both asked to be bridesmaids, but the other day, when her father (who she’s never really had a good relationship with) told her he didn’t want to attend her wedding, she asked my fiancé to be a bridesmaid, and asked me to give her away in place of her father.   She told us that she completely understands the fact that this is short notice, and she wouldn’t be upset at us if we weren’t able to make it. She also lives 9 hours away, which means that we would have to stay the night if we went, and my fiancé is not able to do that. In short, I have the ability to go, but my fiancé does not. I really wanted to spend New Year’s Eve with my fiancé for multiple reasons. Partially because of life crap, but mostly just because I love her and wanted to go into the new year physically next to her.   That said, while I know she wouldn’t hold it against me if I couldn’t come, I also know that she’s only going to have one other person there for her, and nobody to give her away. Everyone else in attendance will be her fiancé’s family. Plus, it’s my best friends wedding, and I don’t want to miss that! Honestly, best friend isn’t even the right word for her. The fact that she asked me to give her away should tell you something. I wasn’t surprised at all when she asked because that’s the type of relationship we’ve always had. She’s my family. She’s the little sister I never had (despite the lack of age gap). I don’t want to miss her wedding.  My fiancé is actively telling me to go. She says it wouldn’t be right for me to miss it when I am physically able to get there, especially after asking me to give her away. But straight up, I just feel bad about leaving my fiancé here. I don’t wanna do that. I know she won’t be alone, but I feel really guilty about not spending that time with my fiancé. Is my fiancé right? Should I stop feeling guilty and just go? Or would I be a buttface for going without her, despite what she said?
180	adjudicated	NTB	I know the title sounds terrible but hear me out lol. We live in a gated community that has several parks. There is a park directly across the street from our house and another park that’s bigger and better about 2 minutes down the road. Last weekend we met up with some of my sons (4) friends (4 &amp; 5) plus one of the friend’s older brother (13) and their moms. There were other kids at the park of course because it was a nice day. My son and his friends were playing with another boy (5). It’s important to note the mom of this boy was sitting at a picnic table on the outside of the park the entire time on her phone, while myself, my husband, and the moms of the other two boys were all talking following around our kids. They all had brought toys from home and were each chasing each other with those toys while also playing with each others toys. For example one boy brought action figures another brought a sword and the boy we didn’t know brought a little toy grabber thing. They had been playing with each other since about 1:30PM and when the incident happened it was about 4:00PM. So we are standing there talking and all of a sudden my husband yells “Don’t touch my kid!” And starts rushing over to our son. I had no idea what was going on and walked over as well. The lady of the son we didn’t know had grabbed my son’s shoulder and took the grabber toy from my son and handed it hers. After my husband yelled at the lady she immediately starts fast walking away saying “sorry sorry sorry he had my sons toy” my husband then says “so you tell his parent you don’t touch my kid” she then doesn’t respond and goes back to sitting down at the picnic table. We check on our son he’s fine and we decide it’s time to leave. Everyone we were there with left at this same time as well. It is also important to note one of the moms we were there with was about 15 feet from us and didn’t even know anything happened, showing how not loud my husband was. Well fast forward to that night and the mom that grabbed my son is posting on our community Facebook page telling other moms to watch out for this aggressive dad that screamed at her at the park. Others were commenting saying they were so sorry this happened to her. I of course commented after the other moms that were there were texting me about it. I defended my husband and commented what really happened still everyone that wasn’t there were defending this lady saying my husband must have anger issues and saying he must be abusive to me and our kids at home. Comments were then made that what my husband did was abusive and that the lady should file a police report for assault. Everyone we have told this story to has been on our side but I wanted outside opinions because I truly don’t feel we were in the wrong.   The cops were called and came to my house. The park has cameras and caught the entire thing on video. The cops have ask us if we wanted to file a restraining order against the lady that grabbed our son but we have chosen not to at this time.
196	adjudicated	NTB	 My girlfriend and I live together and before we moved it together we agreed to split rent and bills 50/50 since we have similar incomes. There was a couple of months that my gf went to part time with not a lot of hours and she asked if I would pay extra until she started university and got her student loan since, while she could afford the rent and bills, she wouldn't have a lot left over. I agreed and helped out but paying extra for 5-6 months.  My girlfriend has been offered a full time job with a salary that is £8500 a year more than me. I spoke with her about changing how we split the rent and bills since our incomes will no longer be similar. I suggested 60/40 or even 55/45 and said we could work out the actual percentage split based on income but my gf just said that isn't fair since she's planning to buy a car so the extra money is going to go towards that.  I pointed out its unfair of her to expect me to help pay her side of the bills when I am making more but then refuse to offer the same to me.  I said it's only fair that we change how the bills are divided and that rent and bills come before a car. She said I was being unreasonable since I knew she wanted a car but I just said that's not relevant since rent and bills come first. She again refused and said she shouldn't have to pay any extra.  AITB for wanting to change how we split the rent and bills?
390	adjudicated	EAB	I (15f) made my classmate (16f) cry thru text messages.  My first year threw me a curveball with Belle, a classmate I thought was pretty cool at first. You know, online classes, cameras on, she seemed smart and kind. But then, she started acting off, making weird comments and dissing classmates.. y'know, acting like a pick me.. The drama really kicked in when my friend Carl (15m) developed a crush on her, turning our group chat into a chaotic mess.  Moving on to the second year, we're back to face to face classes. Belle, being the "smart" girl in our class during our first year, didn't reach the expectations she set. She wasn't as smart as she seemed during online class. She got elected as the Vice president unfortunately. Despite becoming vice president, didn't exactly hit reset on her behavior. As the class secretary, I had to work with her, and that's when things got rocky. She and Carl decided to flirt in the class officers' group chat despite it being for announcement and planning purposes only, and I couldn't let it slide. Frustration led to a confrontation where I brought up past issues due to Belle talking back acting like she didn't do anything wrong.  Kicking Belle out of the group chat stirred up more trouble. We ended up facing our adviser, and that's when Belle pulled out the waterworks. I apologized for getting too worked up, but Belle played the victim card like a pro which led to our adviser scolding us even more. Luckily, Our adviser was biased towards the situation. Moving into the third year, more people started to catch on to Belle's true colors. I tried to steer clear of drama, but my dislike for her lingered.  So, first two years – drama central with Belle, featuring attention-seeking, flirting, and some questionable tears. I think I am the buttface in this situation for bursting out on her and saying bad things to her. But I can't take her personality anymore. We are now in our third year of high school and Carl and I made up and we are close friends again. Carl finally saw Belle's true colors and I wasn't alone on the Belle Hate Train anymore. Belle has caused a lot of problems in our class especially now. (3rd year) People started to see that she was a pick me girl and a constant liar. People got to see her victimize herself to the point where she even brought her parents when there was a problem. It's funny how during my first year, I was the only one hating on Belle. Now in my third year, almost everyone in my class hates her. Her true colors were revealed and no one liked it. I changed now and I avoid conflicts. I don't bring up what happened in the past anymore because I find it to be immature. Just wanted to share this story because why not lmao. I act casual towards Belle for school purposes, although I still hate her.
294	adjudicated	JB	TLDR: My friend was heartbroken when her bf broke up with her, I learned that her bf cheated on her years later but I didn't tell her to save her from the pain. Now they're friends again and I still didn't tell her about the cheating.  This story spans a five year period but I'll try to keep it short.  So I knew this guy "Mike" and his girlfriend "Nancy" while we were all in college around 24 yo, 4 years ago from now.  At the time, I just recently broke up with my bf during my semester abroad and Mike was about to go abroad for 6 months for an exchange program. When we were saying goodbyes to each other, he asked me "what it was like to break up while on an exchange program" since it was such a cliché and I also heard him complain about Nancy prior to this question. So I had my doubts about him wanting to break up but he didn't admit to it when I asked. Part of me wanted to tell Nancy all this, but we weren't besties then and she had this argumentative side to her so I wanted to let them work it out themselves.  The following months Nancy and I actually became really close friends, spent a lot of time together and she was always talking so highly about Mike, telling how much they love each other and how much she misses him. I was trying to point out his bad qualities in hopes that she falls out of love but with no luck.   Then when Mike returned, he broke up with her, and it devastated her. It took 2 years before she was actually over him, even then I knew she would return to him in a blink if he wanted it.   This was when I learned about his girlfriend back when he was abroad. He apparently was cheating on her and kept the relationship going for months. But Nancy was FINALLY ok at that point and I didn't want her to get hurt even more so I thought it was best if she didn't know this.  She moved to a different city a year after that, and we had our own share of arguments so we're not close friends anymore. But I recently saw some stories on instagram of them hanging out together, I asked her if they're dating and she said no, they're just friends now.  I still can't tell her that he's a cheater, partly because I don't want her to be sad and partly because I doubt she'll believe me. AITBF for not telling her? Should I tell her, or confront Mike about it?
416	adjudicated	EAB	Hi! I'm posting this here because this subreddit seems to allow relationship posts.  I am going to be as objective as possible, which might make this a dry read.  We have been together for four years and cohabitate. We were in the car on our way to celebrate my birthday at his parents' house. In the course of our conversation, I told him that I loved him and I was really happy with our relationship. He said he was too. I said we were going to have a lot of fun together, since we're both graduating soon. He said something like "yeah ... \[???\] it'll be even better when ... ... ... ... \[???\]." Most of it, I couldn't understand, but I might have heard the word "bed" in there.  I asked him what he had said and he wouldn't tell me. He said that I wasn't meant to understand - he was talking to himself. I asked him why he would say it out loud if he didn't want me to understand him, and he said that guys do that sometimes. I told him that was rude, and laughed nervously. He said "yeah, I know *you* think that." (Probably referring to the other times I've gotten frustrated that he says things out loud that he doesn't want me to understand. His position is that it's his right, and my position is that I wish he wouldn't because it causes me a lot of stress.)  I told him it worried me that he was saying this right after we had talked about our relationship. If it was nothing, why wouldn't he tell me? He asked me how I could think he'd say something awful about our relationship, and that I should trust him. I told him that the timing was strange. He finally told me he didn't want to repeat it because it was "crude".  I said I didn't want to talk about it anymore and we were quiet for a while. When we arrived I hugged him and told him I trusted him, but he shouldn't scare me like that. He told me that he hadn't done anything out of the ordinary and that my emotional reaction was not normal.  As we drove home, I asked him about this again. He told me that he felt that telling me it was crude was enough information, that he didn't want to say it again because it was spontaneous and in the moment and on second thought, he didn't want to ruin the moment or hurt my feelings.  AITBF? Is it normal to say things in front of people without wanting them to understand? Am I right to be unsettled by this?
264	adjudicated	NTB	Let's start off by saying birthdays are a big deal in my family. I have been having conversations with my mom over the last couple yrs about how I feel my 3 adult children treat me. My own son had said to me " just because you're my mom, doesn't make you any better than anyone else " I have tried several times to get my middle child ( daughter  ) to just come hangout with me. I had been making it clear that we will see how my kids truly feel about me when I turn 50. I have seen, been and thrown so many birthday parties over the years. When I was turning 45 they threw me a surprise party in July that also doubled as my uncle's as well. Now my birthday is in February, I made the cupcakes and only one of my friends was there. My uncle had all his friends there. It felt like such little effort. Now I'm turning 50 and yes we went to dinner and got our nails done ( with my 2 daughters). No cake no song. I feel crushed and I say something to my mom and she says I'm being selfish. Am I selfish for excepting a little more effort for my 50th. Like we've done for so many others.  My mom also said " we don't throw parties in the winter ". So I guess I'll never get one. So I said I'm done. I will never throw or attend another birthday party unless it's for my grandchildren.
31	adjudicated	NTB	   For just under a year, I dated a guy named Caspar. There was hurt on both sides following our breakup, but we have remained great friends. Back in January, our friend group had a get together and Caspar brought his cousin, John. I had met him briefly once before, and was happy to possibly bring someone else in to our little group. Jump forward to mid-February and John and Caspar come over to help me unpack some things since I just moved apartments. John and I get along really well, and I realize I may have feelings for him. I tell Caspar the next day, and he gives me his blessing to do as I wish, but over the next week, he begins to raise concerns. There is some animosity between John and Caspar's sister, Eve. I will admit, John can initially come across as abrasive at first, but I have never felt unsafe around him. That being said, I do fully understand why Eve holds some disdain towards him. The next weekend, John, Caspar, and I are hanging out again, and I ask John if he would like to go on a date some time. He says yes. Yesterday, during our date, Caspar is texting John and me, teasingly asking how "you lovebirds" are doing and things of the like. John gets upset, Caspar calls John, and in the background, we can hear Eve insisting that Caspar "just hang up and block both of them. Caspar hangs up and blocks John for a couple of hours, and I can tell John is hurt because of how close the two of them were/are, so I do my best to comfort him while trying to smooth things over with Caspar  This afternoon, Caspar texted me and told me that he was hurt by me pursuing a relationship with John. Our discussion about this is still ongoing, but he has come to realize that he is more hurt by John's past behaviors, specifically concerning Eve, than my interest in him, understandably so. I cussed a girl out in AP Lit to the point she ran out of the room crying for a backhanded comment about my sister and proudly stand by my choice 5 years later. What I took some issue with was Eve telling her dad's side of the family that John and I are dating, and them thinking ill of John and me, seeing it as a slight against Caspar. Caspar has said that their mom's side of the family, the side that John is on and that Eve has limited contact with due to the aforementioned family drama, will likely take it even worse. I am worried that I will be used by their family as fodder against John if things get more serious between us or, worse yet, they will go no contact with him. Breaking things off with John is the last thing I want to do, but I would be devastated if his family wanted less to do with him over this  AITB?  TLDR: A retelling of Romeo and Juliet but with better communication
426	adjudicated	NTB	So me and my now husband just got married last May and this is still in my mind. All names changed for privacy.  We got engaged that April before our wedding and it took us a couple months before we decided on a date. In that time my brother and SIL got engaged (relatively quickly after us actually) and while we were incredibly vocal about our wedding date in May, I got word that they were also planning to hold their wedding in May (about 2 weeks after ours). I was pretty upset, wedding planning is a lot of work and it felt like they were trying to either one up us or get married just as fast or maybe faster. For clarification they would have 8 months to plan this wedding VS the 11 months we had (and we were already deep in wedding plans when they announced similar dates).   We share pretty the same community group as well, so besides some differing family members it would be all the same people at both weddings. I personally didn’t express how upset I was to them, but I had a family member point out that the dates were too close. They got pretty irritated at this and basically refused to listen to the point my family member sat them down with another family member as well as me and fiancé at the time. My SIL kept rolling her eyes and sighing the entire time my family was trying to mediate. I did not ask my family to do this but they told me it would be beneficial and I agreed.  They saw nothing wrong however they eventually relented and agreed to a date the first weekend in June- about 1 day shy of a full month later. It was the best we could get so we agreed.  some background info that might be important: -my SIL is an old school friend so we have a history -we fell out of contact when I went to college besides FB but she was never a big poster and she wasn't a huge texter at the time.  -she started dating my brother but I was the last to find out and she never told me -they had been dating much longer. a couple years or more at this point, where as me and my husband got engaged 6 months after meeting and planned what I considered a rush engagement.   Reasons I think I might be TB: -I never approached her calmly asking why or saying how I felt -does this really matter? I still got married, it was still a great day. -my family members are a bit blunt so even though I didn't come up with the idea I agreed and I probably looked like the driving force.  Edit: I just want to thank everyone for the feedback. It’s nice to have some objective feedback and looking back I can see it from a different perspective. To those who gave honest feedback it was actually really helpful and I’m always open to learning how to better myself. 
381	adjudicated	NTB	So this happened almost exactly a month ago and my memory is a bit blurry, but I can’t seem to get it out of my head. For context, I and all my friends are in an Aussie high school and it is recess.  My friends and I are sitting at a table outside at recess and I can’t remember exactly how many people were there but there are two people who are the most important, for privacy reasons I will call them Shane and Earrings. All of us were reading a book I had recently gotten and making jokes and reading parts of the book, after the conversation about it died down and swapped I put my headphones on and continued reading. After a while I heard Shane say to Earrings “why are you ugly” all of us at the table were shocked and I started going off at him asking him why he would say that,   Me “Why the fuck would you say that? That’s not ok!”  Shane ”mind your fucking business”  Me “no what the fuck”   It kept going on when Earrings spoke up and was almost crying, Earrings told us that they had been bullied for how they looked. The bell rung and Shane stood up, he flipped me off and said something I can’t remember, I called him a cunt and punched him in the arm, he immediately spins around and punches me in the back of the head (right side) making me pass out hit my head on the table then fell to the ground.   The next part is only what I have been told as I don’t remember much, but I do remember hearing a blood curdling scream from Earrings and them shouting my name. Apparently I was out for 30 seconds to 2 minutes. An older student and a few teacher came up to me and Earrings ran to the office to get help. I have autism so the shock of everything sent me into a nonverbal episode and could barely move or stand. I communicated by squeezing the older student’s hand. When I got to the office (I was wheeled there in a wheelchair) I passed out and additional 3-4 times. My right shoulder and neck was extremely sore. I ended up going to hospital and had to get X-rays on my spine and neck. For those wondering, I was all fine, probably got a minor concussion but no broken bones.   I am worried that my reaction and response to the conflict with Shane and Earrings was inappropriate and I might have been a buttface.
405	adjudicated	NTB	I (F25) have a very small collection of stones and tumbled crystals. I’m not super into all that stuff, which is why I only have a few that mean something to me. All of them are in a little pouch except for one, a “money stone”. Meant to bring good fortune/more money when placed in the far north side of your home.   I decided for New Year’s Eve, I wanted to “cleanse” all the stones so they’d be fresh for the new year along with my freshly cleaned clothes, shoes, dishes, etc. But my money stone was gone. I asked my fiancé (M27) if he moved it. He said yes, and to check in x spot or x spot. I do, and it isn’t there. He gets up from the computer to look as well, and after a few minutes I’m getting frustrated. There was no reason to move it as it’s no bigger than a nickel and was tucked behind the lip of our entertainment stand - unseen. He has a terrible habit of moving things for no reason and immediately forgetting where he put it, then getting mad I want to find it. So naturally, he starts getting mad that I want the stone. Asking why I even need it, why it has to be that one, etc. I had food in the microwave so he said just go eat and I’ll keep looking.   A few minutes into me eating, I realize all the bedroom lights are now off, the computer is off, and he’s in bed. I’m immediately pissed because I know he’s throwing a silent temper tantrum and pouting even though I never raised my voice/yelled at him, huffed and puffed, nothing. So I ask, “WTF are you doing?” No answer. I wait. I say, “hello?” Then he’s all somber, “just not in the mood to play.” And tells me I “ruined any kind of good mood” he was in. I told him he was the only one upset, it was him who was griping the entire time and literally put himself in a bad mood over a rock. Magically, the lights come on, computer turns on, and now he’s back playing his game like nothing ever happened.   AITBF for calling him out on his little pity party?
126	adjudicated	NTB	Years ago, when a relative "Arianna (30F)" was 13 and I was 11, she got into anime and showed me some of it. I wasn't *super* into it but I enjoyed the comedies the most and liked some of the music. It was fun, we'd watch some silly comedy anime with very out there humor and reference it to each other. We also spent a lot of time playing video games and playing in game websites with each other. We shared our interests and had a lot in common. **The only thing I liked that Arianna wasn't into were sandbox games and anything to do with coding.**  Then suddenly Arianna accuses me of copying her for also liking anime. She threw lots of annoying whiny fits when random people in public wore anime shirts as that was copying her. While I didn't watch the anime anymore, I was interested in like 5 songs that she wouldn't tell me the names of as that was copying her, but she'd constantly ask about songs from games I got into first as she wanted to remix them or learn it on piano. I wasn't a dickhead and I told her the song names, but the other way around couldn't be done as that was copying.  Then, being a Nintendo fan was copying her as Nintendo is a Japanese company. Playing Smash (Brawl was current) was copying her as Marth spoke Japanese. Watching the Pokémon TV show was copying her as it's technically anime. Being an Ace Attorney fan was copying her as it's a Japanese game series. Watching YouTube on my laptop was copying her as she watches anime on her laptop. Reading Nintendo fanfics was copying her as there's Anime Fanfiction on fanfiction (dot) net. Getting stuck on a tricky part of a game was copying her because *she* also got stuck there, but if she found the solution before me then progressing any further in the game was copying her. Of course, if it were the other way around I'd be obligated to tell her the solution.  Being annoyed and offended, I proceeded to copy her in the store by picking up the same product as her and ask her "do you realize how ridiculous that would be?" then got the product I actually wanted, but she saw that as actually copying.   A few years later I dealt with a stalker creep in school who actually copied everything I did at all costs. The creep wore the same few clothes every day as they were the closest things she had to mine, and they weren't anything particularly fun. The creep also hated me, but never treated anyone else negatively so I looked crazy. The creep also deliberately waited for me to come out the bathroom stall and ran towards me, away from the sink and door. The creep made me fear for my safety and no one at school took me seriously.  Arianna found this so funny and every day she'd say "sucks when people copy" as if I was being that creep by just having stuff in common.  It was so long ago, but she still believes I was copying her! Was I, or was she just a dickhead?
165	adjudicated	NTB	 My best friend moved away about a year ago and since she moved she’s been really struggling mentally, she was recently diagnosed with a disorder that requires her to take meds that she cannot drive or work while on. She asked me to move in with her once she got this news and after a lot of consideration I decided it wouldn’t be best for me. In light of this and considering valentines is coming up I was putting together a gift to send to her. Before I sent the gift she had text me multiple times explaining she was upset with me for not responding to her quickly enough. I apologized and explained to her that usually when I don’t respond I’m at work and I always try my best to get back to her asap.  I thought that we had moved past the argument and the next day I asked for her address to send the gift. She very coldly told me she wasn’t interested and that if I wanted to do something nice for her I could respond quickly. I told her again I was sorry and that if she really didn’t want it I’d give it to someone else. So I called another one of our mutual friends and asked if she’d like it. Apparently word got back around to my best friend what the gift I had gotten for her was because later that day she texted me with interest in the gift saying she’d “accept my offer” but only if I replied to her at an acceptable speed.   I honestly hadn’t been too offended up until this point. I felt as though she was only being reasonable now to get the gift and not because she had an interest in making up with me. I didn’t respond after a day and she threatened to end our friendship all together. At this point the rose colored glasses had been ripped off and I started to reflect on all the similar things that had happened in our friendship before this and I realized I gain nothing from our friendship while she gains everything. I was the only friend and family of hers to visit her not just once but multiple times since she’s moved, I spent a considerable amount of money on these trips and never asked for anything in return, for me just knowing I was helping her mental state was enough. I even visited her within the same month a beloved pet of mine passed and never blamed her for the time that trip took from me. I realized all the times I’d paid her way when she’d never do that same for me. I ended up replying to her letting her know she was right and I had no interest continuing this relationship. While I do feel some relief now I can’t help but feel sad aswell and like maybe I’m making a mistake. We have been friends for 8 years at this point but maybe it’s time to put an end to things. There’s a lot more details that go into all of this but I didn’t want to write a novel. So AITA?
269	adjudicated	JB	I (36NB) have been with my wife Amy (35F) for 12 years. I never wanted to get married but it's very important to Amy so a few years into our relationship I proposed and we got married.  I have always said I wanted children and she felt the same. After a couple years married, I thought it was time to start trying and Amy started throwing all of these problems in the way as reasons why we can't/won't be able to. Some valid but some we had already agreed on and now she was changing her mind:  1. We didn't own our house 2. She didn't want to carry the child (I have massive gender dysphoria about the idea of carrying a child due to being AFAB NB and am male presenting) 3. She didn't want to be a SAHM 4. She doesn't want to raise children in the city and wants to move home  I agreed to get pregnant and be the SAHP. There are so many reasons why these were very difficult things for me to agree to. I have really struggled to come to terms with these decisions but having a child means that much to me.  We've kept going back and forth on this subject for years and everytime, she throws something new at me. I agreed to all of the above. (I even set out a plan of how we could do move home but then she decided she wants to stay in the city). After she said she wasn't sure if she wanted children, then she does but doesn't know how (I gave her with all the information she could need on adoption, IVF, sperm donors etc. Now she said she thinks she's too selfish to have children.   I am completely devastated. I love her, I don't want to leave but I also want children. I've always been clear about this and I thought it's what she wanted too. Now I can't help but feel like she never wanted children, she just wanted me. Like she has led me on and lied to me through our entire relationship. Like what I want doesn't matter, I have done my best to be understanding and supportive but I think she's taking advantage and is just waiting until it's too late for us to even try.  I don't know what to do, I've tried to accept never having children but I'm miserable, I have to at least try. I've also thought about going to marriage counselling but i don't see Amy ever agreeing to this. (Amy is 100% against it. Even a suggestion will start her on a rant, that's how strongly she feels about it).  I don't like ultimatums but I'm at my wits end. I'm heart-broken and I'm thinking all i can do is ask her to 'decide between me+children or nothing'.  WIBTBF?
40	adjudicated	NTB	I 18m have an egg intolerance, it's basically the same as lactose intolerance for me. My cousin 23m has a peanut allergy and hates it when people 'fake having an allergy'  I have been aware of my intolerance for years and so has the rest of my family but my cousin is always trying to 'catch me out' for 'pretending to have an allergy' I'm not pretending, I have a few allergies including honey pineapple and kiwi. (I eat kiwi anyway because it's just like eating chilli peppers for me)  If I really want something with a high egg level I'll eat it and deal with the stomach issues. Yesterday my aunt made a cake and I had some, my cousin was sat afterwards with a grin staring at me. He then sung 'faker' like a child I asked what was up and he said he knew there were 2 eggs in the cake and I'm not having a reaction (I was actually having stomach pains) I told him this and explained for the 10000th time that I deal with the pain. He yelled that he can't hide his allergy how can I and I had had enough and called him an annoyed buttface (but ruder)   The family is now angry because he swears I'm faking even though I have literally been to the drs about it. My brother has been arguing with my aunt all day who wants me to apologise (I'm an orphan, no parents to force me too)  My family is in two camps 'cousin is right' and 'cousin needs to stay out of my busines' and I feel guilty about it AITBF?  
486	adjudicated	NTB	My boyfriend and I are both 15. We were talking about something and I'm not sure what got us onto this, but we were talking about our eyes. He told me that my eyes looked nice and I responded with 'Thank you lmao yours do too' or something along the lines of that. Now he's really mad at me because apparently I 'didn't take his compliment'.  He's like mad and no matter what I do or how many times I apologise he's still rude and dry. Am I in the wrong?
236	adjudicated	INFO	 Using my cousin's reddit (with his permission) for privacy reasons.   So I (26M) work an office job and my wife (27F) is a restauranteur with my BIL, and my MIL (57F) watches our baby (0.5M). My MIL is our *de facto* babysitter; she was unemployed otherwise.  Normally, I get home late (7:00PM) and I don't get around to changing out of my office clothes until 9:00PM.  Today, I got into work early and left early and got lucky by catching the early train and got dropped off around 5:45. My plan was to pick up the baby at my MIL's house and go home. Because I had time, I decided to go home first, change clothes and then go get the baby. The action of changing my clothes took 60 seconds total (I timed it.)  My MIL saw that I was in comfortable clothes and told my wife about how I went home and got changed. My wife then berated me saying that I am not allowed to get changed when someone's watching my kids and is waiting for me to get home.  I knew she was waiting, and I know she has a finite amount of patience/energy allocated towards watching the baby, which was why I made it a point to speedrun the change of clothes process, even when I had a time surplus of close to an hour. I didn't bother communicating to my wife or my MIL saying "I want to change my clothes" because I didn't think it was going to make a difference considering I was an hour ahead of schedule.
392	adjudicated	NTB	Good evening. A few months back, my boyfriend of nearly one year decided to break up with me after a relatively difficult time in our relationship. Not going to get into details because it really doesn't matter, but to sum it up, neither of us were in the wrong and we both understood that. Regardless, when we had our breakup meeting, he handed me a bag of gifts that I had given him and things he was borrowing from me. At the time, we had planned to remain friends, so I told him he could keep it all, but he said he would rather not. Understandable, in my opinion. About a week later, he decided that he did not wish to remain friends, which was frankly quite heartbreaking, but whatever. Things between us have remained considerably cold since then.  About halfway through our relationship period, he had given me a ring, part of a matching pair. Mine had a blue gem, his had a red one. Two days ago, he sent me a text that reads "Hey do you still have the ring I gave you bc I'd like it back." I replied with "Oh." "Sure." I haven't had the chance to meet up with him to return the ring yet, so over the last 24 hours or so, I've been thinking about it. That ring does actually mean a great deal to me. It reminds me of the good times we had when he and I were together. Frankly, it's also a nice ring. I don't wear it anywhere, it just sits on my shelf, but it's nice to have. I haven't told him that I don't really want to give it back yet because I'm worried that I'm in the wrong here. I was under the assumption that it was a gift that I would keep regardless of whether we remained a couple or not, but I can understand him wanting it back. Am I the buttface for wanting to keep it?  Update: I texted him and told him that I’d rather keep the ring. He hasn’t responded yet, but we’ll see how this goes.  Edit: I just want to clarify that he is a really nice person, and this is a bit out of character for him.
322	adjudicated	EAB	I’ll make this quick.  I (27F) was walking down the street from the pharmacy with a bottle of Advil in my hand just doing what I normally do on walks pulling as many leaves off trees as possible when I saw this around 35 looking woman walking towards the pharmacy with FIVE F***ING PUGS (WHY WOULD YOU EVER WANT MORE THAN ONE PUG?!?!?!?)and when we met in the middle, one of the dogs bit my pant leg and started to pull my pants (it probably smelled my dog from my clothes) and the lady holding the leash was just looking at the dog smiling sweetly.  I look at her wondering why she’s not doing anything so I take matters into my own hands and pushed the dog with my leg and threw the leaves I was collecting at the dog when the lady pulled the leash away and said ‘’HEY!’’ So I looked at her and said ‘’get your dog’’ and she told my it was a free country and he can do what he wants or whatever so I just walked away.  It’s probably not that big of a deal but my friends are telling my I’m the asshole so I came here to ask you  AITB
400	adjudicated	NTB	So, a couple days ago, my biological father posted a picture of him and his new fiancee. I commented and asked, "Hey Pops, who's that beautiful lady on your arm?" He told me that she was his new fiancee, and she was encouraging him to reconnect with all three of his daughters. I thought this was a great idea, and said I would love to meet her. He gave me their days off and I said I'm usually home, so anything he set up was fine with me.  After thinking about it for awhile and asking the advice of several friends and family members, I'm torn. On the one hand, I'm thrilled at the possibility of reuniting with my father, whom I haven't seen in over a decade. On the other, I'd kind of like to see him one on one to establish a genuine relationship before bringing in his partner. I just feel bad for wanting that, considering she's the one who encouraged the reunion in the first place.
169	adjudicated	YTB	so basically a few years ago i started dating this guy named jake. we dated for a while and have been on and off ever since. well this year i started getting close with another one of his exes, emma. emma dated him before i ever did and hasn’t talked to or dated him since then. she claims i am in the wrong for still talking to him now and wanting a relationship with him. she says if i date him she will never talk to me again. i beleive i have a right to date him and it has nothing to do with her because i have been on and off with him for years and it isnt any different since they haven’t talked in years.
417	adjudicated	YTB	I (19F) am autistic , my boyfriend (20M) is not - this is important to the story.  On New Year’s eve by boyfriend said to me “i am going for a pint to celebrate, just 1 then i will be off”, now with autism promises are taken very seriously - when someone says something we take it as concrete and a definite to be the fact he in detail said “only 1” i took that as an absolute.  So as you’ve probably guessed when he got home i asked how it was and he told me he had had two pints.  I got very worked up about this cuz he broke his word to me and my problem isn’t that he drank two beers, i wouldn’t have minded how many he had - it’s new years , my problem is he knows about my autism and we have had multiple discussions about how i take things as gospel and he shouldn’t say things of he isn’t gonna stick to them.   He says i am overreacting and causing problems where there doenst need to be but i’d have appreciated the respect of him going “just going to have one more” so it wasn’t like he did it behind my back-  am i the buttface ??   UPDATE: thankyou for all the responses it’s nice to have an outsiders POV, i have apologised to my partner and made it a goal to work on managing my anxiety and autism since it isn’t his problem it’s mine :) 
376	adjudicated	JB	The main story happened in Aug.    I, 18 female, came of age this summer and began dating a friend of a friend I met at a party, let's call him Dave (19m). I also have been very close friends with a girl since I was 11, let's call her Holly(16f). Holly was weirdly jealous of this new romance and when I asked her if she was interested in him and offered to stop seeing him if she was uncomfortable with it, she denied having any feelings for him and just said he was cool.  Not long after this, according to Holly, Dave tried to kiss her while we were out celebrating my birthday. He denied it and I assumed she was making it up for attention as she had been displaying this problematic behaviour for a while. I then went to my home country to see my family and another similar incident was made aware to me by her. Everyone else at the bar debunked her.  Our mutual friend, Connor (19m) was having a party to celebrate Holly's 17th birthday while I was away. Connor would deny it to this day but he was completely in love with Holly and introduced me to his best friend Dave.  I had asked Dave if he would be ok with not to go to the party as I was uncomfortable with her behaviour at the time. He said it would be fine and he was going. I had a strange feeling but I put it up to paranoia. When I came back we spent a few days together and slept together for the 1st time. A few hours after I took him home I left my phone unattended. When I opened my phone I had 20 missed calls from Connor and a few texts, my stomach fell out of me. Holly had confessed to Connor that her and Dave hooked up in Connor's bed the night of the party.  Honestly it was very messy and being on antidepressants, I was unable to cry or really get angry and process it but Connor was devastated and I went round to his house to see if he was okay.   I ended up texting her the next day when I had calmed down and here is the text I sent   "It's been a few hours and I've calmed down now but let me make something very clear. Dave is not the only f@#king pr!ck in this because you are the dirtiest two faced wh0r£ I have ever met. You are a rotten c@#t to the core and if I ever see you again I will..." I have to censor this due to the guidelines sorry. Basically threatened to tell her mum what she has become (like her cheater father).  I do want to make something very clear I was just as hard on Dave as Holly but honestly her betrayal was 100× worse to me due to the long friendship vs 2 months or so of dating.  All this was is August but a few days ago I cut off a friend called Oliver (17NB) due to their two faced comments and entitlement. One thing he said to a very close friend of mine was that I was "overreacting to the whole situation and that Holly was just a teen girl who doesn't know any better". Some information would be that Oliver has a past of cheating on partners.   So AITB for cutting off Dave, Holly and now Oliver?
441	adjudicated	YTB	I'm 39F, husband is 43M, and children are 11M, 10F, and 7F. We do the whole Santa thing every year for our kids and every year "Santa" has the same expectations for them. They have to be well behaved, maintain good grades, and help with keeping the house clean.My children understand this and usually try their best. However, this year my son (Michael) hasn't really kept up with his grade expectations. He's usually the type to get straight A's and is the "joy to have in class" student, but this year he's been doing poorly in math and getting a C-average at best. I've tried rewards and incentives for getting good scores on work, helping him with his homework, and after school programs but nothing seems to work.   In the beginning of December I let him know that he wouldn't get anything from Santa if he didn't get his grades up and that seemed to get him to get his butt in gear. For a bit he was starting to excel again but around the middle of the month his grades dropped again. I equated this to him thinking he's done enough so now he doesn't have to try. I tried again to help and still nothing. So, I followed through with the rules and on Christmas Eve wrapped him coal from "Santa." Then on Christmas day when he opens it he cried about "being good" and thinking Santa hated him. I told him blankly, "Maybe Santa gave you that because you didn't get good grades like you were supposed to." He spent the rest of the day sad as his sisters enjoyed their gifts from Santa. My husband pulled me aside later in the day and asked what was wrong with me, and I told him that he knew his expectations and didn't  get the grades he was supposed to. We then argued as he thought I should've given him a real present anyway and that he tried but I wanted to stick to my guns and make sure my kids know I won't accept less than what is already expected. My husband's been ignoring me so now I'm wondering if maybe I was wrong. Am I in the wrong here?
138	adjudicated	NTB	I F22 am receiving silent treatment from friend F23  My friend and I are staying together at a hotel for a convention. We were in costume and she was embarrassed on the way there and back about ppl staring. We went there and had fun and on our way back we took a train. We ate at the station and then were on our way to the platform so we could avoid the peak hour prices. I told her I needed to check a store for an item as we passed it. I went in and she waited outside for me. I was there at most 5 minutes then I came out and she was gone. I looked around and I didn’t see her and I thought that maybe she had just went ahead and was waiting for me on the platform to avoid the peak fee since we both knew where we were going.   I went there looked around and still didn’t see her so I began to think that maybe she had gone on the train or was somewhere else in the station so I was thinking I should call her. My phone started ringing so I picked it up and it was her. She asked where I was and I said the platform and I was asking where she had gone as I was looking for her &amp; she sounded pissed &amp; said she was hiding in the Photo Booth because of her costume. She came to the platform &amp; was standoffish towards me. When I tried to talk to her she was angry at me for going on the platform without her. I explained my side that she didn’t tell me she was going to hide anywhere so I came out she was gone and I was trying to find her but she was still mad and told me I should apologize to her. I started to get annoyed as well as from my view l only came there looking for her because she was gone from her previous place without saying anything to me so I tried to find her, being told I should apologize as though it was all my fault seemed unfair.   We took the train back in separate seats &amp; in silence and haven’t been talking to each other despite staying in the same room. She seems to think it’s all my fault and I should be apologizing to her. I heard her complaining on the phone about me to her brother, she described the situation as if I had just left her and was going to get on the train &amp; leave her. We are leaving tomorrow and I’m flying back to my country, I don’t know how to handle this situation. It’s not the first fight we’ve had over a small situation.   We usually get on well but sometimes i feel like I’m almost walking to eggshells as she gets mad over things that don’t make sense to me. I’m autistic so I understand that sometimes I might be missing things, but sometimes it feels unfair. She said, on the phone, she already told me what to do which is apologize but I don’t think it’s all my fault. Was I in the wrong and I just don’t understand her point or do I have a point? 
362	adjudicated	YTB	I'm a fan of 80s music and Billy Joel is one of my most favorite artists that I like listening to. I have most of his songs on an playlist on apple music. I've seen him twice. He is performing again this upcoming spring and I'm wanting to go to another one of his concerts. The only problem that I'm facing right now is that I'm supposed to be attending a wedding on the same day that he is performing. I'm thinking about just driving up there since it I rather go to a concert than to drive 9 hours to go see some stupid wedding . I'm not a fan of weddings unless it is my wedding which I'm planning on having one soon in a couple of years as my main goal is to find someone within 5 years. Which is the reasoning why I want to empty my bucket list. I'm facing backlash here as I'm wanting to back out of the wedding to go to the concert as I'm the bestman and people are forcing me to stay at the wedding. I don't want to be at the wedding as its just only going to make me more depressed and it is hard already for me having manic depression and mood swings which is killing me each day. I want to go attend the concert cause I rather listen to fun music than go to some stupid wedding. AITA for prioritizing a concert over a wedding ??
186	adjudicated	NTB	For context, we live in an apartment that has a balcony with a sliding door that opens into my my roommate' (John) bedroom. John likes their room to be cold 24/7 and tends to keep the patio door open at all times.  &amp;#x200B;  A week or two ago, we recently had a family of Asian decent move into the apartment below us. John hadn't seen/met them yet and assumed that they were also white, so I had corrected them during an unrelated conversation.  &amp;#x200B;  In response, John chuckles and sarcastically says "Oh, then maybe I shouldn't have been pretending to speak Vietnamese with my friend when we were playing videogames a few days ago".  &amp;#x200B;  I told John that it wasn't funny and that they really shouldn't do this because their patio is directly above ours, and our neighbors would be able to hear. Imo, this could be seen as offensive and could be a cause for bad blood between us later down the line.  &amp;#x200B;  We ended up arguing about it and a John says that since they weren't directing it at anyone in particular, it wasn't racist or culturally insensitive. John also said that I was over reacting because I was worried about how that could come off to our non-english speaking neighbors, that "it's not racist if it's said in the name of comedy", and said "I'm racist toward everybody" in response.  AITB for telling him to stop?
333	adjudicated	YTB	Thankyou for your feedback guys. The conclusion has come that I am TBF and I won't stop picking her up or getting offended over 1 comment. Thankyou very much for putting things in prospective. We had a meeting after my boyfriend picked his kids up about her attitude towards me and me overreacting to her comment. I decided to apologize for overreacting and decided to laugh off any comments or play along next time. I decided to make the personal servant comment into a joke because when my boyfriend and I went to pick up the children, I rolled the window down and said "Your person servant's here to pick you up". This made the kids laugh and they entered in the car.   When we arrived home, we had the meeting about Kourtney calling me her personal maid and me overreacting. I apologized for overreacting and she told me it's ok. She didn't speak to me but that's ok because as long as she's safe and happy then that's all that matters and I put my feelings aside for the sake of the children. I decided to bake chocolate cupcakes for my family since my sister, BIL, niece and my parents were coming to visit. The children loved the cake, especially my boyfriends son who tried to sneak another cake thinking I wouldn't notice, but that's ok since we were all having a good time. Overall, we had a good time and went to watch football the next day aswell. Everyone had a good time overall as I turned the personal servant into a inside joke and said jokatively "the personal servants here to serve her masters chocolate cupcakes".    I love learning from my mistakes and make the best of any situation that comes towards me. I am blessed to have a good weekend with my boyfriend and his children.  edit: [Thw original post post is here](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheButtface/s/rQXaxNa4YO)
34	adjudicated	NTB	I had known my friend Charlie (fake name) since we were in prep. i moved schools when i was 9 and we were reunited again in Year 4. We drifted apart in early high school and didn’t reconnect until year 11.  It’s important to understand that she was like my platonic soulmate; I hadn’t ever met a person that was so caring and interested in my life. i had low self esteem and put a lot of my effort into our friendship. i learned more things about this person than anyone. Likewise i confided in this person about everything. we hung out all the time at her place, movie nights and trips down the street to hang in parks or on the beach. i was there for her through everything.   where things changed was in our last year of school. we both became drama co-captains. truthfully i wasn’t the greatest co-captain, and was often missing club meetings every week because i got busy with my subjects. i tried my best of course but i wasn’t perfect. i was there most of the time. She’d said that she wanted to do the organising and paperwork while i would be the designated ideas person, and i mentioned how i wanted to share the workload. she insisted she’d be okay. she was often the one who was at the club meetings and organising lots of timesheets, etc. That being said, I tried pulling my weight with our performance night, and writing speeches for presentation nights. i couldn’t always be at meetings but i feel as if i did try and compensate when i could.   as our drama night rolled around with the club putting on a play, i’d noticed how she stopped speaking to me as much and acting as if everything about the play was her responsibility. when it comes to this drama night i was a big contributor; i chose and edited the script, assigned actors, directed scenes. but she’d taken over main proportion of directing and design, changing everything without asking me my input much at all. that began the months of coldness from her.   we went from dm’ing every day and facetiming to just nothing. the worst part was she never told me why. i was blocked on everything and resorted to sending emails asking what had gone wrong and how i could fix our friendship, and i found out later she was reading these emails out to her friends and making fun of me. i invited her to my 18th and instead of attending, she texted her friends who came to my party talking about how she hated me… while my party was going.   i’ve been told from a close friend we’ll call April that she has this pattern with people, getting close to them and then dropping them. the angry part of me wants to say she does this to abuse power over others, as she seems to lack control in her personal life.  recently i texted Charlie because she unblocked me on instagram, saying that she should ‘block me unless she wants to apologise for being a dick’ which i admit was a bit petty, but i let my anger get the best of me. i’m blocked again which is definitely for the best.   i am fully willing to take full responsibility for my actions and answer any questions. i know i’m at fault for some parts, but i don’t think i’m the only one at fault here. so, aitb? 
397	adjudicated	INFO	I’ve had my ups and downs with this roommate but I’ve decided that I want to move out since I like living alone better (I lived alone in college last year and it was really nice but that was because my roommates left home for the summer so it was just me). Moving back home isn’t an option either.  Anyway, my current roommate mentioned to me that she wanted a 4-month notice if I was planning on moving out. It’s a month-to-month lease. I've confirmed with the landlord that I won't need her permission.  \----  This was what she told me about moving out yesterday that made me go "oh wow..." not in a good way:  “When (former roommate) told me she was moving out to live with her bf, I admit, I was not happy for her.   I didn’t speak to her for a week. She told me that she spoke with her friends and that a 3-month notice was too long but then she spoke with my friends and they told her how horrible roommates in LA can be. So (former roommate) said she gave me 4 months because I was like a sister to her.   I’ll say it, when she told me she was moving out, yes I was thinking about myself. Anyway I found you (referring to me) in 2 months so that was that. She left in June so I had the place to myself for July and August and that was really nice”   \-----  Like, I understand where she’s coming from… but the way she said this all made alarms go off in my head. I feel bad because I know how terrible roommates can be and they’re often a hit or miss, but I don’t think I could handle living there while people could come tour my room at any moment. 
380	adjudicated	NTB	My girlfriend (20) and I (19) have fought recently because I rarely communicate when I want to have sex and it upsets her. So I started asking flat-out if we could have sex at that moment because she said that's a normal thing to do. I agree with her as I understand that she can't give clear consent without me directly asking her. I have been doing this for a while and it's been fine until yesterday.  We had just woken up and it was pretty late in the day, we tend to sleep in until about noonish. I was in the mood so I asked if she wanted to have sex. She checked the time and told me that we wouldn't have time as she needed to go home soon and get ready for work. We eventually did some sexual activities until she had to go. However, before she left she told me she would be back tonight and we could have sex then.  That night before she arrived she texted me saying her body hurts from work, so I thought having sex wasn't likely. She gets to my house at 12:20 AM and she continues saying her feet hurt and she's tired, yet she still seems a little enthusiastic. At this time I was playing on my PC and she was watching TikTok. We were talking about each other's day and other stuff, she even watched me play and cheered me on for some time. Yet while we were talking, she never once said anything about us having sex. To be honest, I didn't feel like having sex that night as I wasn't feeling the best, but that would not have stopped me from doing it if she had asked me. After about an hour, I turned off my PC and noticed she was in bed asleep on her phone. I then got in bed and fell asleep.  The next morning she wakes me up around noon and we kiss and enjoy laying in bed together for a while. Eventually, we exchanged "I love you" and some more kisses and she left to get ready for work. A few minutes later she texted me "I thought we were going to have sex last night." with a period so I knew she was mad. I told her she never said anything and fell asleep. This eventually turned into an argument where I was telling her I didn't know she still wanted to have sex because she never said anything while she was saying she was waiting for me and hoping I'd get off my PC. At some point, I did get pretty angry as she says I rarely communicate with her and I shouldn't get upset when she doesn't want to have sex (both things I 100% agree with and no longer do). I called her a hypocrite for doing the things she's gotten so mad at me for doing in multiple messages, each getting an "Ok" as a response from her.  After that, she told me not to message her and she didn't want to talk. She has told me I needed to communicate with her at the moment when I wanted to have sex, but she didn't do that to me last night. Should I have just assumed that because she said she wanted to that morning she would want to hours later after work? I don't feel like what I did was wrong, but I still feel guilty for it. AITB?
71	adjudicated	JB	Me and my friend were walking around late at night looking for an Uber after a music festival, and we walked into a pretty sketchy neighborhood without knowing it. It was an unknown area for both of us and we were just trying to get away from the crowd to try to get a Better deal on the Uber. As we are waiting on a corner I see a guy walking towards us looking super sketchy, turning his head in all directions looking for cops maybe or just anxious because he is about to pull a gun on us.   As he approaches I’m already on a defensive Stand and actually slowly steeping back. Not my first rodeo you know. But my friend is probably still high or something and when the guy asks us if we are coming from the event, my friend even gets a little closer to him and tries to have a conversation with a random sketchy dude at 2am in a ghetto neighborhood.  He then says take everything out of your pockets and put it on the floor. I’m already ready to square up with him, and I say nah bro go away. He then reaches to his pocket and as soon as I see him pull a gun, my first instinct is just to run away. At this point my friend because he approached him to try to have a conversation he is way closer to him than me, so basically just cornered him and single him out. He took my friend’s wallet and phone. I stayed closed by and had 911 ready to dialed, but he just took my friend’s things and left. I do think my friend has no survival instincts, but I guess people react differently to dangerous situations like this.   Any input is appreciated, we haven’t really talked since it happened. So just want to get other people’s opinions if I was really in the wrong. Thanks. 
282	adjudicated	NTB	This whole thing essentially started when I went to my dad’s girlfriend's family Christmas.  ( my parents are divorced). There I met her nieces and we all seemed to get along pretty well.  One of the girls ended up giving me her phone number and I thought nothing of it at the time.     After two days I finally texted B and we began talking.  A couple days later B was flat out flirting with me.  At first I didn’t really know what to do so I ended up asking friends for advice on whether I should return the flirting.  Most didn’t see the problem as long as I didn’t date her if my dad and her aunt got married so I went for it.  We talked and everything was fine until we got onto the topic of potentially being related.  I asked B a question I should have asked her WAYYY earlier: if she would be upset if I broke up with her if my dad married my aunt.  I knew things were definitely going down hill because of the “I don’t know” response (which was valid but still) and I got the “I really like you a lot and we wouldn’t TECHNICALLY be related” around 4 times even after I explained I didn’t want to mess up my dads relationship with his girlfriend.  The conversation continued and B’s solution was to just never tell anyone, even if we ended up getting serious and my dad married her aunt.  I ended up breaking things off the nicest way I could but telling her I was still open to being friends so she could feel free to call or text me.         Two weeks later and B’s stepsister (Well call her E) calls me out of NOWHERE using B’s phone.  I picked up and  E had taken B’s phone and called me while she was in the shower, without her consent or knowledge and decided to tell someone she had never even spoken to to get back together with B.        I know she was probably thinking she was helping B . But I honestly was not happy with the situation at all, though I surprisingly was able to keep my sarcastic mouth closed and remain polite Throughout the conversation.  She essentially gave me the same argument B did and brushed aside my concerns about AHEM somewhat incest and the fact that I didn’t want to mess with my dads relationship.  She again told me what B said, which was just to not tell anyone.  Not telling someone, especially my dad’s girlfriend who’s been like a 2nd mother to me since me and my mom don’t particularly get along would have been impossible. if her and my dad got married then that would feel like a huge betrayal of her love and trust.  I would have been fine continuing seeing B, as I liked her alot, if my dad and his girlfriend hadn’t worked out (though I would be upset as I would rather no other woman be my stepmom). But the chance was small as this was their third Christmas as a couple and their relationship is to the point that me and my brother are on the family Christmas ornament.    I feel like I did the right thing in this situation but you tell me. Any advice?  Am I the asshole?
482	adjudicated	NTB	Me and my boyfriend went to a restaurant yesterday as a date, and I ordered curry. I was excited for my curry until I found 3 hair strands inside of it. I called my waiter over and told him I found hair strands in my curry. He got his fingers in my curry and I felt disgusted that he would touch my curry with his fingers to take hair out. Me and my boyfriend looked very disgusted at the waiter.   He gave us dirty looks and asked what my problem was, to which I responded that I cannot remember ordering hair strands and told him it's disgusting that he's touching my food with his bare hands. He told me that I was being dramatic and it wasn't a big deal. I was disgusted and so was my boyfriend so I told my boyfriend that my appetite is full and we left the restaurant without tipping the waiter. I was appalled by the waiter's behaviour but it was 9:30pm when I arrived at the hotel so I was tired and couldn't be bothered to report it then, but that wad yesterday and I was absolutely disgusted by the waiters behaviour and the lack of hygiene in the restaurant so WIBTBF if I reported the waiter?
377	adjudicated	YTB	AITA For watching porn when my girlfriend doesn’t approve.  So my gf(18F) and I(19M) have gotten into a little fight recently and I’m just wondering if I’m being a dick about it. We were laying in bed Wednesday night just watching a movie and we were talking and the conversation steered to her asking me if I watch porn. I said I do which prompted her to say that she doesn’t really like porn bc she thinks it’s gross I said I’m sorry she feels that way and the we got distracted and the conversation ended there. However, yesterday night we were texting and the conversation was brought up again when she said that she doesn’t really like porn bc she thinks it’s gross and she doesn’t like me looking at naked women. I said that I don’t really watch porn exclusively to see naked women, I usually like to watch couples. It’s more of the whole act that turns me on rather than seeing naked women. She said she still thinks it’s gross and she doesn’t feel comfortable with me watching it. I said I’m sorry she feels that way and I asked if she had any alternatives for me in mind other than porn. She doesn’t really feel comfortable with sending nudes or anything like that over the internet or over text, which I  completely fine with, it’s not for everyone. However, she also doesn’t have the same sex drive as me as mine is quite high and hers is not. She doesn’t always want to have sex and I am completely fine with that, I don’t want to have sex w someone who isn’t really into it anyway. We also are in sort of a mid-distance type situation in which I only get to see her every weekend as I am in college. She asked why I can’t just use my mind and I told her that my mind wanders and starts to worry abt other things and porn just makes it easier. We both ended the conversation quite upset as we didn’t come to an understanding. She still thinks it’s gross and cheating for me to watch porn but I purely see it as a tool to use when I want to finish quickly. I don’t want her to be hurt but at the same time Ik I wont really be able to stop since I cannot empathize with the problem here. So Reddit, AITA?
305	adjudicated	YTB	 I 18m have a friend 17m. He’s Bi, we were at his house with some other friends just pre drinking in his kitchen before going out.   We’re all talking about whether he or this girl that was there gets with the most people when we’re out (this wasn’t like a competition he was really embarrassed lol)   While we’re having a conversation his dad walks in the kitchen to get something and I carry on the conversation as normal just jokingly saying you are kind of a slut tho like I always see you going with some boy at some point. And i talked about how it’s weird because he doesn’t seem like that type of person usually until you see it.   His dad walks out of the room and my friend had a real go at me for embarrassing him like he was proper pissed. But his dad is so chill like he literally buys him weed, well buys for himself and let’s him take a bit but my parents would actually execute me for buying it myself.   He even agreed his dad wasn’t going to judge him for what I said but it’s just embarrassing. And imo you can’t get too mad at a little embarrassment that’s normal.  Like if I didn’t know his dad I obviously wouldn’t have done it but because I know that he’s okay I thought it was fine
172	adjudicated	NTB	 Aith for blocking my friend  Me 14f and my friend A15f have been friends since 7th grade (were now in 9th). Our friendship is very.. unstable, to say the least. I am a very calm quiet person, while she is more out going. A has a lot of medical problems (that more than half she made for herself), that I listen to when she needs to vent. I let all my friends vent whenever they need, but they also call to just talk. A never just calls to talk, just complain and complain. Which I couldn’t mind if she wasn’t such a pain to be friends with, she blocks me over the simplest things so let’s start with the first I can’t think of;  Beginning of 8th grade she liked this boy, like really liked him. While she was out of school one day I was texting her that another girl liked the same guy, and she flipped out (swearing at me, saying she didn’t care, etc). She started screaming at me that she was in the hospital (which I didn’t know about) then blocked me.(I ended up crying myself to sleep that night)  About 4 months later she apologized, and we were friends again. After a week she blocked me again because “her bf didn’t like me”    Now 9th grade year she had moved schools (this is important) and homecoming was coming up and she wanted to go with me as friends, and I brought her a form she had to fill out. It had a big bold letters that she needed I’d or she couldn’t go, she even pointed it out. I told her yea she’d need it , and she said ok. Week before homecoming I told her again she needed Id, she flipped out again texting me upset in the middle of class. Trying to calm her down while I’m trying not to cry I tell her the teacher selling the tickets would let us figure it out and give us more time. She then tells me she’s not going and blocks me. (Cried again that night too).   Fast forward to about the start of this month, I said her I was giving her stuff for Valentine’s day(like I do with all my friends). Yea ik you don’t tell people but I wanted to plan out what to do, she goes on to tell me this week she won’t be there because she has surgery (which I understand) and apparently I was rude when I texted her when she was gonna be there. (It’s probably important that I’m going through a rough patch rn) here’s how the conversation went  A: why is there a stick up your ass? Me: I wish there was a stick up my ass A: well I don’t wanna listen to your attitude 😋 Me: well I don’t wanna hear you 24/7 but here we are. *blocked her* Yesterday I asked her in person for her locker combo so I can give her the stuff I wanted to give her the things and she gave me an attitude (was expected) saying “apparently we aren’t on good terms so why would I give it to you” I shrugged, later just shoving the things through the holes in the locker. I understand that we are both wrong but I just need to know if I should apologize.
457	adjudicated	NTB	tldr; aitb for getting real angry with my sister for leaving a messy brownie plate out in front of my stomach-sensitive cat (which he then ate from) after telling her multiple times that she needs to be more careful &amp; clean after herself? (also merry christmas yall)  i (24f) adopted 2 cats in june of this year, they are both barely a year old. one of them has a lot of health problems that i only learned about after i took him in, including atopic dermatitis, gi parasites, and food sensitivities. he is barely 7lbs and i am still struggling to figure out what foods he can tolerate without vomiting and ruining his poops - so far, he can eat chicken and turkey, but no beef. tldr his stomach is extremely sensitive &amp; he has been a costly investment that i was not really prepared for. still, he sees the vet very regularly so please don't insinuate that im neglecting him or whatnot (i know reddit folk tend to jump to those types of conclusions).   my cats &amp; i currently live together with my sister (22f). she is not really an animal person but she is coming around to my boys; she even mentioned wanting to get her own cat to me a few days ago. i did not know we'd end up living together when i adopted them but it's been fine, all things considered. because of my cat's stomach/health issues i have told my sister that she cannot be leaving food around that he can get into, &amp; ive informed her of what is/isn't toxic to cats in general. we are both stressed-out healthcare students so she tends to be neglectful with cleanup and i handle most of it in order to keep my boy's stomach in order. she leaves out hot chocolate mugs, soup plates, glasses, etc and sometimes i dont even find out until later. i have told her multiple times she needs to be better about cleanup both for my sake and (more importantly) for the cat's.  today, she left a brownie plate out - she finished the brownie but there were some small chunks left in it. i didn't realize what she'd left out until my cat got into it. i got incredibly frustrated and scared for my cat eating chocolate so i blew up at her, told her she cannot be so careless, and that i will be in a tough spot financially if he gets poisoned. i admit that involved heavy profanities because i am frankly fed up with her being so damn messy and me having to pull extra weight as a result. she got real pissed, called me an idiot and downplayed the whole thing, making me out to be overdramatic. my other sister (18f) only intervened to tell me to calm down, and to show me some website that said my cat would probably be fine with the amount of brownie he ate. which is great ofc but it doesnt change her carelessness imo.   aitb?
312	adjudicated	NBH	Sorry if the title sounds snarky lmao i didn’t know how else to word it, but basically me and my friends are planning a summer trip, and they wanna go out of the country, because we’re all gonna be 18 by then, but i was saying that even if im an adult, my mom is not letting me go to a whole other continent for 7 days without an actual adult (like some form of parent or guardian) and i was trying to bring up places inside the country, because not only is that more reasonable, it’s also less expensive, but i feel like im coming off as the grinch in whatever conversation we have about it so i wanted to seek another opinion, am i just killing the vibe by trying to save a little money?
419	adjudicated	YTB	 I 17m have a cousin (24m) getting married in June. Was told about this ages ago but just came into my head today to check the timetable for summer exams to see. On the Monday after the wedding (it’s on a Saturday) I have a really important exam on.   Here’s the thing. My cousin lives in England (we’re from Northern Ireland, they’ve been over to visit a number of times tho and we’ve done the same a few times. So it’s not like I NEVER see them)   The plan would be to get a boat the Friday (I also have an exam that Friday morning as well) and Come back the Sunday.   I told my parents like idk if I’d want to be going when the exams on Monday morning. My mum went into a fit of rage for a bit for daring even suggest it and going on about how I’m being lazy by not just studying extra hard in advance because of the wedding. Apparently it would look really bad if I didn’t go and it’s so rude “taking any excuse you can not to go” which isn’t what I’m doing.   She then went on a bit of a rant about how I probably wouldn’t even study anyway that’s why I’m repeating one of my subjects etc. When she was finished my dad asked nicely for me to go to keep her happy (her side of the family)
182	adjudicated	NTB	Hi. For context, I’m 29 and female.  My mom and I have always had a rocky relationship. She's a heavy drinker with narcissistic tendencies which have caused issues ever since I became old enough to speak up for myself. Growing up, she's been verbally abusive and we've gotten into physical fights multiple times.  A few months ago, I was at a funeral for my boyfriend's great-grandmother and talking to his family about zodiac signs. To get more information, I asked my mom what time I was born. She responded that she didn't know and it was in my baby book. She told me she gave me my baby book, which she didn't I got concerned because she never gave this to me and she was insistent that she didI told her she didn't ever give it to me, and I was anxious about not knowing where it wentI told her if it turned up somewhere to let me know. She all of a sudden blew up on me, telling me how horrible her day was, and asking "can you not do this right now?" I was shocked at her response and honestly confused. I told her I also had a pretty crappy day and was at a funeralShe continued to try to argue with me, so I stopped replying.  Some time passed and I tried to talk things out with her, thinking there was clearly a misunderstanding or miscommunication. This turned into another argumentI ended up telling her that the only way I think we can work through our issues is if we go to therapy togetherI asked if she would be open to therapy to repair our relationship.  My sister also tried recommending accessible counseling for the two of us, and my mom responded that she was "100% not doing that". It's worth mentioning that my mom has been to couples therapy in the past with her late husband so therapy isn't necessarily something she was opposed to in general; just therapy with me it seems.  I explained to my mom that I don't think we can work through things without a third party like a therapist ba on all of our issues and her refusal made me feel like our relationship was unimportant to her. She took that as an opportunity to berate and belittle me, so I blocked her on all social media and blocked her number.  A few weeks later, I received an email from her shaming me for cutting her off and telling me I am ungrateful for her raising me. We went back and forth in emails a few times, still arguing, with me mostly trying to get her to understand my side to no avail. She told me not to reply to her email and that I was an inconsiderate and condescending person.  I responded anyway and told her I loved her and hoped we could resolve things in the future.  We went through thanksgiving, Christmas, new years, and now all of January without speaking. I still feel guilty for cutting her off, even though it has been better for my mental health. So, am I the buttface?  TLDR; my mom and I have a toxic relationship. I asked for therapy. She refused and went into attack mode. I cut off contact but I feel guilty. 
433	adjudicated	NTB	I (20F) broke up with my bf (20M) of 1 year 2 months ago because I had lost feelings almost 4 months ago but hadn't realized. I tried my best to give him closure and emotional support even after the breakup. Eventually, it started verging on constant trauma dumping. It became very draining for me so I requested to cut contact. A month after the breakup, I made a profile on a dating app and started seeing new people. I was not looking to enter a serious relationship, but just to explore my preferences. Someone I met on the app left a comment on my social media post. My ex-bf sent me a screenshot of it and accused me of cheating during the relationship. He also thought it was disrespectful to him and our time together. Then he persistently asked to be a part of my life even after I had made it clear that I didn't want that. I felt that he did not have any right to dictate my dating choices anymore and the accusation of cheating was simply insulting because I have always been very loyal. I said the same to him and told him that he was behaving in a very unhealthy manner, in response to which he said I'm a bad person for not caring. Am I the bad person in this situation?
481	adjudicated	NTB	My family got in a fight on vacation after I made a comment towards my brother because he was annoying me all week and I couldn’t take it anymore,  this has been happening for years and while my brother is mentally not stable my parents refuse to do anything about it and while I usually try to stay out of it he sometimes gets physical with me and I can’t handle it.  AITB?
408	adjudicated	YTB	I (F18) went to a local gig recently (nothing exciting - local band pretty much copying arctic monkeys :P). I absolutely love music, I've been wanting to start a band of my own recently, I'm a great fucking bassist, and my friend plays the drums but neither of us can sing, nor write good enough songs so we've been looking for a mate to fill in that role. Whilst at this gig, I met this dude (m22), Noel. He was standing at the back of the room just drinking beer and typing on his phone - he was superrr awkward but I got talking to him and he told me that he writes poetry and sings a bit - which is great because that's exactly what we are looking for!!  I got noel to give me his snap, and I told him that I'd message him later on. I snapped him the second I got home, I was just so excited to have met him, we talked for a bit about our favourite bands and whatever, and some basic stuff, he told me that he worked as a clerk in an office relatively near to my 6th form, anyway conversation petered out and he stopped replying to me fully which was weird. One of my friends knows him and he gave me his phone number but he wouldn't answer the phone.  I was seriously worried about the dude, I ended up hanging round his office waiting for him to leave to ask if he was doing okay, but I guess I must've missed him coming out and only spotted him cycling back home - tried to follow him but it wasn't much use, I ended up hitting up the guy who gave his phone number to ask for his address, but he only gave me the street name. I got the bus there and knocked around asking for him until a neighbour pointed me to the right house.  He wasn't exactly ecstatic to see me, but I chalked it up to his usual awkwardness and asked him if I could come in and he let me in. We sat up in his room and he showed me his poetry, we talked, I got him to sing for me, he then made me toast after his mom came home and ordered me an uber to go home in. He was just so lovely to me, I kissed his cheek and he started blushing and acting even more awkward, which I guess must be because I am a pretty good looking person and he doesn't seem the type to go out with many girls despite being pretty.  I FaceTimed one of my friends to rave about it once I got home, and also let my bandmate know but they both acted as if what I had done had been an asshole move, they said that I should've respected Noel's boundaries and not gone to the extent that I had just to recruit someone into my band. I however, feel like I was just acting out of concern for him and just trying to liven his life up a bit.
87	adjudicated	NTB	I'm a 19M and my now ex is 18F We met when we where both 18 on a random dating app which I do not remember the name of one night I was over at her house (this was about 5 to 6 months into the relationship) we where both looking through the pictures on each of our phones I only scrolled over three times before I seen someone else's dick pick she later said it was indeed someone else's but it was someone before me and she had just forgotten about it even though that did hurt I let it slide after this things got different she would constantly accuse me of cheating on her with my discord friends that I play games with or anyone I talked to and with that she also started letting out all of her anger out on me almost every other day not even a month after this she broke up with me because I play video games and because I don't have a car or a steady income and a day after that she said she didn't care about all of that and begged for me back over text now she's saying that I never loved her and that she could see that from the beginning but I do love her she was my everything but I don't wanna go back into that relationship if it's just gonna be toxic... AITBF?
163	adjudicated	NTB	I’m close to both my roommates, but one of them (let’s call her A) is weirdly mean to me. We all lovingly “insult” each other as a banter, but A consistently goes too far and it hurts my feelings.  It started with autism jokes. I was grieving a recent death, and was being a lot “slower” than usual. During this period, A started joking that I was “autistic” any time I messed up or was confused about something. She was super nice most of the time, but then would sometimes randomly decide that everything about me was cringey and autistic, or something. These comments were ALWAYS made in front of our other roommate (let’s call her B), even at really inappropriate times. Once I was talking about my difficulty relating to other girls growing up as a NB person, and A said “It’s not about gender, you’re just autistic.” Maybe I’m being sensitive but that’s MEAN.  There’s nothing wrong with having autism, but I don’t. I DO have severe social anxiety, which A knows, and her comments made me really insecure. The idea that I’m socially inept and can’t even see it is LITERALLY MY BIGGEST FEAR as someone with social anxiety.  After a heart-to-heart, A apologized for the autism comments and stopped making them (but my insecurities have remained). She still makes tons of other mean comments, though. Sometimes it’s about me as a person (implying I’m annoying, weird, etc). Other comments are roommate-specific (loudly calling me out whenever I make a minor mistake, like forgetting to turn the bathroom fan off). She always uses a harsh tone and ALWAYS does it in front of B, which is humiliating.  Everything came to a head yesterday. A made several mean comments the night prior, so I already felt terrible. When A got home, she took a shower, then immediately went into the living room and loudly criticized me for forgetting to take the trash out when I cleaned the bathroom the night before. I had been forced to clean at 1AM, because it was the only time that worked with their shower schedules. I forgot to take the trash out because I was TIRED.  I then went to the bathroom, and saw hair all over the floor and conditioner on the shower walls I JUST cleaned. I snapped, and decided that if A can humiliate me in front of B all the time, it’s okay for me to do the same to her. I sent an admittedly petty text in our roommate groupchat:  “In the future, when we shower, can we all please clean up after ourselves? Disappointing to see hair &amp; conditioner everywhere, when I was up late cleaning it last night.”  When she saw it, she went to my door and lectured me about how I could have just asked her privately, that embarrassing her in front of B was unnecessary, and the text itself was overly “rude.” She was really upset.  From my perspective, I was just doing the same thing to her that she does to me all the time. But based on the conversation we had, she seems genuinely unaware that she was hurting my feelings and humiliating me all this time.  So… AITBF?
158	adjudicated	NTB	Disclaimer: this happened a few years ago, but my friend recently told me she was still upset over the ordeal.   So I (19f) broke up with a girl we’ll call Ida (19f) in June of 2021. We broke up mutually after losing feelings for each other once the college year ended. Since it was an amicable breakup, we decided that after some time apart, we would try to be friends. I also started a full time job at an experience venue around the same time, so I had significantly less time to talk to her than she did I. Her, my best friend and I would call at least every few days to chat and catch up with what has been happening in our lives.  A few months later, I started dating this guy Sam (21m), so I was spending less time chatting with both of them, but she would ask to call nearly every day, and when I would tell her I couldn’t because I was hanging out with Sam, she would insist on calling still. For reference, these calls would be an hour at the absolute minimum. Occasionally, I would agree to have a call although Sam said that it would sometimes make him uncomfortable because Ida would ask questions that were not entirely appropriate. When we would call, the only thing she would talk about — aside from asking inappropriate things about Sam and I’s relationship — was anything and everything Harry Styles. I could rarely ever get a word in.  Don’t get me wrong, I like Harry Styles and his music, but I don’t want to hear about only Harry Styles for an hour and a half straight at least three days a week. She had just started the next year of college, and had a lot on her plate, and I wanted to talk to her as a friend and help her in areas that I could. Anytime I would try and ask how she is doing, she would change the topic to Harry Styles.   This continued for a few more weeks, and here’s where I might be TB. We’re in another call, and again, it’s all about Harry Styles. The things that I’ve heard a dozen times now. I interrupted her and said “Ida, I don’t care about Harry Styles. The only reason why I accept these calls is to have a conversation and talk to you. All you do is tell me the exact same things about Harry every single time we talk. I can’t get a word in, and I honestly don’t care. I’m friends with you, not Harry.” She got silent and then said that Harry Styles is the only thing that makes her happy. I responded brashly by saying “Ida, he can’t be the only thing we talk about for six hours out of my week.”   She ended the call and told me that I was being an asshole about her and her interests, I never asked to call her, and I don’t call her enough throughout the week. She blocked, or unadded me everywhere she could’ve (including Duolingo). She told me if I apologized and called her more frequently, we could be friends again.  So, AITB?
365	adjudicated	YTB	So I've been talking to this woman that I met on a site for about a couple of months. We seem to get along pretty good until I brought up a subject of what I want her to wear at a wedding reception. She was talking about what we would do if we were to get married and said that she wants to have a wedding in two years from now if we continue to get along pretty good. She brought up outfit ideas and told me that she wanted to wear a typical white wedding dress for the wedding which I'm ok with but at the reception I want her to wear something different. I told her that I wanted her to wear a traditional chinese qipao dress for the reception as I find those dresses very sexy and hot and I told her that I would love to see her in one. I have a couple of them myself that I do for crossplay and so I know how hot they look on anyone cause they look hot even on me. I told her that I would be willing to pay big butts like maybe hundreds of US dollars to get her a beautiful custom made one like the ones that I have seen in chinese dramas. She got offended and told me "Why would I want to wear a chinese dress if I'm a vietnamese woman living in vietnam ? I want to wear an ao dai. I don't like those dresses cause shanghai prostitutes used to wear them.". I argued and told her that it is not true cause these actresses wear them all the time, even miss chinatown USA contestants wear them. I told her that even some vietnamese brides have worn one for their weddings. I begged and pleaded with her but she got mad and told me that she needed time alone. She hasn't gotten back to me. I just don't understand what was so wrong about it. I asked my friends for their input and they told me that I was wrong to ask her that and that I'm a huge asshole saying that the bride gets to choose what they want to wear. Was this wrong of me ??
361	adjudicated	NTB	Alright so I, 22F, have always been close to my immediate family and have family reunion every couple years or so. It's a thing that I used to enjoy but now I'm kinda indifferent about it for some reason or another. It's typically the fact that I'm always being pestered about when I'm going to find someone to at least be dating. Lately it's been a lot more because my Nana wants to see me with someone nice and her health has been declining. Well a little bit before we had our family reunion I had decided that I wasnt going to be pestered by the questions so I asked my best friend if he wanted to come to the reunion and act as by BF. He said he'd do that as I'm his friend and that he never actually has been to a family reunion.  Well everything was going fine the day of the reunion and I  didn't get asked a single time about when was I going to find the right one for me and we even got complimented as a cute couple and it made my Nana happy at least. Come the end of the night though I guess something must have tipped them off but my parents pulled me to the side and started getting mad at me that I would fake having a BF at an important family gathering. This led to an argument where I told them that I did it to at least make Nana happy as well as so everyone including them could stop pestering me about my love life. They basically told me that I'm an asshole for this and I should apologize but I told them I wouldn't as I didn't see myself as doing anything wrong but now after the fact I'm starting to wonder if I was in the wrong so AITBF?
70	adjudicated	NTB	Earlier this week, I caught my wife being involved with another guy, and planning on divorcing me. As far as I know, it's only been an "emotional affair", but it's still a pretty awful thing to do. We live together with our child, but I have told her to find a new place, and she is actively looking for one. I'm trying to remain amicable, if only for the good of our child. We still share our living space, and continue to hang out in the evening, honestly not much different than our "marriage" has been for the last year. Things have been on the rocks for some time, and there's been a lack of any intimacy, and I'm not even just talking about sex. So, par for the course on just hanging out watching TV and sharing memes in bed.   I told her yesterday that I was struggling that day more than I had been. She asked if I needed some space and I asked for some time alone, but that we could hang out and watch our show later. I've been pretty calm about the whole thing throughout this week. Like I said, writing had been on the wall as far as our marriage ending. When we started hanging out later I told her that I'm not struggling with the divorce decision as much, but what I am having a hard time with is her affair. I told her I'm pretty chill about us continuing to be around each other, but what makes it hard for me is when I see her on her phone talking to her "new guy". She said she understood how that could be hard and she recognizes how it hurts me.  So, we're chilling, watching AHS, and what is she doing the entire time? She's on her phone texting with the jerk non stop. I wanted to just tell her to get out if that's what she wants to do, that she doesn't get to have both a comfortable "friendly" relationship at home with me, and continue to hurt me and talk to this guy that "makes her feel good, like she hasn't felt in a long time". I feel like it's a serious lack of respect. I know I can't tell her what to do as far as "don't talk to him anymore/in front of me", and that she's gonna do what she's gonna do, but am I being an asshole if I tell her she can't be in the same room if that's what she'd rather do?  To reiterate, I'm trying to keep things on as good of terms as possible because of our child. I grew up with divorced parents, and I know what it's like to be split between two people that don't like each other. Ideally we remain friends and can do things together with our child so that he gets to feel that love and support from us and not feel part of a conflict. It will obviously take some time, but that is how we've discussed we'd like to see this end up.  Also, for the sake of transparency, I found out what was going on by looking through her messages after I became suspicious. Not the best side of me, but I think comparatively, it's small potatoes to what she's been doing. I just don't want to paint myself as some saint who has been the perfect partner the whole time. 
414	adjudicated	NTB	I  (F28) have had quadriplegic cerebral palsy since birth. PT is something  I have had since birth, but it wasn't until seven years ago that I  started to be more involved in my physical therapy.  It was all thanks to Tom (M now 36), after three or four years his fiancee (F now 28) joined him.  Thanks  to them I started walking by tripod crutches. Previously I had only  moved around helped by others, and outside the house I used a  wheelchair.  At the same time,  Alice and Tom became my best friends. I could tell them anything, they  were the ones who took me out for sushi or pizza for the first time in  my life.  Tom and Alice worked in a  physical rehabilitation camp 700 km from my home, but I was there about  four times a year because they are such good specialists. In my country  (Poland) you go to such camps with your caregivers, especially when,  like me, you are not fully independent. My caregiver is my mother (F54)  Unfortunately,  in March 2022 A and T said they are changing jobs and moving to another  big city. Admittedly, we are now only 300km apart, but their new  workplace is a regular day rehabilitation office. I was in despair.  However, my mother promised me that we could always go there for a week  of rehabilitation and rent a hotel, as there would probably be one close  by. She promised that we would go there every month.  In  June 2022, Mum said to sign up for rehabilitation there. Unfortunately  we did not find a hotel close by, the nearest one from the office is 5  km away. We would have to take two buses. Mum said she was scared and  told me to cancel the booking at the last minute. My friends wanted to  assist us on the trial bus ride, but she refused.  A week later I heard her say on the phone to a friend,Sofia (F60) that she wouldn't sacrifice so much for me.  In  December 2022 my mum told me to sign up again to T and A. Sofia was  going to help her look for a hotel. Unfortunately, she did not find  anything. The boss of the  PT office offered us a hotel, but it was  still too far away for mum. However, Mum  finally agreed to take the  bus.  Unfortunately, after talking  to another friend (Ella, 54) she said we weren't going because I would  be finishing my PT at 6pm, so it would be dark and mum is afraid of  criminals. So again I had to cancel the booking.  The  friends were understanding, although their boss was furious. She  told  me that if I cancelled the booking again I would still have to pay half  the price. I never told my mum about this message.  I  think I might be a TB because I posted about it on Reddit back then,  but as her. I don't know why I did it. Unfortunately people have  discovered who I am.  They say I'm  blaming the only person who helps me and I'm ungrateful. Also I still  have PT in my city and I can go to another camps.  AITB?
208	adjudicated	EAB	I (f20) and my boyfriend (m23) have been in an off and on again relationship since i was 18. We’ll call him Chris for the post. For context, he has broken up with me four times and every time Chris has given the some sort of variation of “i want to live my life unattached and free” and “this is getting to serious and i’m not ready.”  Anyways the problem arose today as we were on the phone discussing future children and how i wanted to home school them for personal reasons. We discussed if our kids were potentially apart of the LGBTQ community and how’d we feel about it. I personally (and hope i won’t get too much hate here) said i wouldn’t care if my kid was gay or straight, but if they were trans id be supportive to a point but wouldn’t pay for any gender affirming surgeries until they were 25 because that’s when your frontal cortex of the brain fully develops and that a very serious and life/ body altering decision.  Chris on the other hand said if they were gay or trans he’d say to their face “i’m extremely disappointed in you” and completely stop talking to them. Cut them out of his life. I don’t know anymore if this is someone i want to marry and build a life with. Especially if Chris would abandon our children over who they love and how they want to live their life.  We’ve had several problems in the past and i don’t know anymore. This seems like the tipping point for me. Our relationship has been loveless for sometime and i’ve felt like a backup plan for him. I’m just at the point of how can you accept me (bisexual) and not accept your future children. I couldn’t live with a partner like that. At the end of the day, I’d choose my children no matter what over my partner in a second.  What should I do because his decisions are always final and he never budges. Should I break up with him? Or should I look past this because apart of me loves him?  EDIT: a bit of context, there are two things. One is we have been engaged for awhile for that is why we are even discussing children and it would obviously be in a few years. It was supposed to be just a friendly discussion. Two is Chris is in the military. Our first breakups were mostly due to him being stationed in another country. I won’t say for obvious reasons  UPDATE: Thanks for everyone’s input and I do want to say I have ended things with Chris and will be focusing on myself for awhile. He didn’t take it well and blamed me for everything. Called me nasty names and i cried very hard. I was a fool living in old memories of what our relationship used to be and i missed the signs that it was done. I’ve gone back to therapy starting today. Took strangers on the internet to realize I’ve just replace one mess with another when it comes to men in my life. I know my views aren’t agreeable but growing up in a christian conservative household they are far better than once were. I’m trying to improve everyday. Thank u so much again everyone. 
309	adjudicated	NTB	Recently there has been drama in my(14M) friend group(14-16) between two of our oldest members Paul(16M) and Jane(16F) they are in the same class together. Paul was my first friend in the group and strangely enough Jane and him never became friends until after they met me so right from the start something is a bit strange and even then Jane never considered Paul a friend but an associate.  this may not make any sense but Jane watches anime and likes to associate character stereotypes on to each of us for example she sees me as  "cool guy" and she sees Paul as the "weakest and perverted"  everyone else get's positive stereotypes. not a day goes by where Jane is trying to project some false assumption onto Paul, she also likes to hit him for anything like not knowing a character name or not speaking properly or having an imagination. I have asked her many times to not hit Paul because that will lead to problems but she insists Paul is to baby to do anything. this has been going on for over a year.  Problems did arise however after Paul was having a really bad day, whenever something is bothering him he tends to keep away from us and go to his hiding place in school, I know where this place is so I went to check up on him, Jane did follow me as well as our other friends.  I don't understand but Paul's issue was he felt like a failure and needed time to adjust, Jane started to hit him with a book and told him to man up and the world doesn't revolve around him everyone told jane to stop but she kept going, I snatched the book from her but she resorted to using her hands, it was then Paul finally had enough and launched at Jane punching her once in the face, our other friends laughed because we have never seen Paul angry before like imagine a person who is always overjoyed at anything suddenly lose it. Jane cried and ran away.  Paul was suspended but when he came back Jane would avoid him like the plague causing our group to choose who to hang with, Paul told us it's okay to hang with Jane but Jane keeps complaining about Paul existence she would see him in the library and get mad she would see him go to the bathroom and get mad she even started to try and convince everyone to just drop him as a friend. I told her no because she messed around and found out the hard way and can't expect everyone to pay the price for her, she got mad and told me he would do the same thing to me I reminded her that I'm not stupid to bully someone 1ft taller than me.
188	adjudicated	NTB	My (20M) boyfriend (23M), likes music. I mean ***really*** likes it. He often likes to sing when we're together in calls, and has made it his personal goal to "move" me with music. I have empathy and get emotional for my friends and loved ones, but music doesn't really affect me all that much. I listen to *The Score* to hype me up for workouts sometimes, but that's about it.  For context, I grew up in an incredibly musical household. My parents met on the set of a musical, both of them were in the choir, my sister is in a dance group and sings in her college choir, and my mom was a music teacher for a while. I hate singing in front of people, and singing in general is just...meh, for me. My parents were super chill about it when I became a teenager and expressed this properly to them, and stopped all efforts, though they and others often comment about how it's "a shame" I don't care for music or like singing.  Because of all this background, I don't like when people try to force me to feel something, especially relating to music. It's not necessarily a *bad* history, I guess, but I just don't like when people assume that everyone likes music and eventually I'll come around.  Sometimes he expects me to get sad when he shares an emotional story about how this music is connected to his heritage, and I often feel bad when I don't give the reaction that I feel like I should be giving. This has extended to him thinking I'm repressed or need to unlock something or feel safe and cry properly to music.  I love my boyfriend, he's sweet, considerate, and confident, and I love the stories that come with his songs! They're genuinely heartwarming, but the music itself just doesn't move me and I don't really like singing all that much, and I think it's making him think that I need to be changed. I don't want to be a stick in the mud or a total asshole by shutting him down, but I really don't care for all the assumptions.  Would I be the buttface if I just told him to please stop, or am I just being dramatic?
295	adjudicated	YTB	I (24M) recently got this weird plant. I still don't know what species it is, but it eats people (for context, I didn't know this when I got the plant).     My crush (23F), who we'll call A, was dating this dentist guy (25M), who we'll call O, and he treated her like shit. He was a sadist and hurt people for fun. I'm surprised he wasn't fired!     Anyway, the plant- who I named Audrey II- wanted me to kill O so she could eat him.     I technically didn't murder him; he asphyxiated on some nitrous oxide- but I did chop him up and feed him to Audrey II.     So, AITB?
326	adjudicated	NTB	I (late teens) want my mum to leave her husband (nicknamed S). For context they had separated a few months ago because S had not improved at all for years, he used to be an alcoholic until he put his fist through a door because my mum asked him to stop hitting the door, S replied with I'm headbutting the door then showd what punching the door sounds like and put a dent in it. In his defence he hasn't picked up a drink in at least 3 years.  Last year about July they separated and decided to be in different rooms in the house because of S not improving or doing anything beyond playing games and doing a few chores (cleaning the floors, cleaning bathrooms, doing laundry, and a few other things.) I have school on the weekends I have to mow the lawn on week days I have to walk the dogs 3 times, do the dishes in the morning and night, clean the kitchen morning and night, feed the dogs, and if I don't I get yelled at by S for not doing the chores and get tolled to get up earlier in the morning so that I can do the chores.  While my mum and S were separated my mum told me she didn't feel safe telling S how he made her feel, how she found him unattractive, how he was showing all these red flags, she even told me that while they were separated he went through her messages and emails and got mad at her for flirting with a other guy even though they said that they were not together in any way, in that same vain he also said that he didn't like that she had told her friends about what was going on.  Within the last week she told me that she was thinking of getting back with him I asked her why and she said that she didn't want to lose the friendship because of it (it is a friendship longer than I've been alive) and how she dosent want to stay with him for tax stuff (I live in AUS so that is a thing for most people) she also doesn't want to stay with him because he owns the block because he was the only one in the house that could get a loan because of covid. In this conversation she also said that they wouldn't be moving into the same room but the past 3-4 nights he has slept in the room with her. She also said that she is proud that he is improving now (now that she threatened to take his easy living away) he has improved by finding a guy that he does airtasker jobs for and makes like 1000 aud a week on a good week. My mum makes over 1000 a day at her job.  The whole point of this is because I'm autistic and have ADHD and I want to make sure that I'm not the only one that thinks that it shouldn't be this way. I also don't know what to do if it is this is a reasonable thought to have on my part. Any advice would be appreciated.  Also sorry if it is hard to read I'm on mobile.
307	adjudicated	NTB	 Edit 2- she is gone! I took her to the shelter she chose around 130pm(its now945pm). She tried to leave her backpack in our backyard and leave for this shelter with only the clothes she was wearing and her phone i noticed this as we were about to leave and it ended with her getting her backpack. There is still a paper shopping bag though with a bunch of socks in my backyard,theres a towel thats not ours, a large load of wet laundry in the washer thats also not ours,as i cant bend to reach into the washer right now as i fucked my back doing dishes i also found a notebook. Dunno what else I'll find she unpacked her entire back pack when she got here for some reason to charger her phone idfk. Im tossing anything of hers i find into a bag and putting it on the front porch with a note taped to it. That way if she comes back for her crap i dont even need to open the door. Im not letting her leave shit here as an excuse to come back. Im exhausted. At least im likely not the buttface     Edit- yall i cant tell if im the butt face from advice tho its appreciated, but im kinda reading it as not the buttface though given whats being said, i seem to be in the right in this somehow correct me if im wrong please.  My wifes cousin ambushed me at my grandma inlaws. To summerize my post in the rant sub yesterday: I said she could charge her phone it was getting near dark, by the time her phone was charged it was fucking frezing out and she asked if she could stay the night as she had a place to go in the morning. She gave me 50 bucks for the inconvenience.  So between that and the fact thay it was fucking cold i said yes cause i felt bad.   Well its almost noon i had to wake her as i have an appointment later and errands to run. I explained that to her. I was getting ready amd she came in to my room and asked if she could possibly stay another night as she was having trouble finding a place to stay. I firmly said no and told her i was sorry.  Hell i even explained i was uncomfortable with someone i have only met three times being in the house whole i slept.  I feel bad for her i do. I am taking her wherever she wamts to be dropped pff in town. She asked if i could take her to another town 45 minutes away and i said no. I told her already i have things to do i cant drive thre and back and make it back in time for my appointment amd errands. Also it's not my car snd my mother in law has flat out told me im not allowed to take her car out of town.  And in the time it took to type this she has now started a load of laundry, our dryer doesnt work she knows this we told her last time she was here just a month ago, i feel like she is trying to buy herself time by pulling the "but my clothes aren't dry" card. She is that kind of person she did it to my mil last time she was here..she managed to get mil to let her stay almost a week.  Am i the buttface here for throwing her out? I dont trust her, i dont feel safe around her. She has tried offering me more money to stay again, if she has money to keep giving me she can go to a hotel or find a friend in town to pay to couch surf or go to one of the shelters.
92	adjudicated	YTB	My(38F) friends had made plans to take me out for my birthday weekend and my ex-husband(40M) and ex-boyfriend(37M) were asked to take their respective kids in my absence. out of the two only my ex-husband came to pick up his son(12M) while Ex-boyfriend had other plans, devastated by the change of plans I thought it would be best for my daughter(7F) to go with my ex-husband even though they are not related by blood. Ex-husband took me up on the offer and took my daughter with him and our son, I can see she was afraid of him so I prayed nothing bad would happen to her.  It seems their weekend was a great one because when she returned all she could talk about was how my Ex-husband was fun and the things they did like play video-games, dnd and whatever, she even showed me one of those plastic build it yourself toys she received as a gift. one problem with my daughter is that she can never keep a secret no matter what, her father came to visit this afternoon and she told him about her weekend with my ex-husband, at first he did not care but slowly he became upset, he yelled at me and told me I was wrong to let his daughter go with my ex-husband of all people, he even confiscated the toy she got as a gift and demanded I return it, he made our daughter cry so she told him she wished that my ex-husband was her real dad. one thing lead to another, he threatened me with the police if I ever let another man look after his daughter and now we are here.
215	adjudicated	NTB	 So sorry I’m writing this on mobile. Me(F23), my girlfriend (F27) who I’ll call Ava and my (M25) who I’ll call Jake when to a little get together with some other friends, it was a bonfire type thing with about 6 people besides us. Jake was known to have a thing for me a while ago but when he tried to kiss me I swerved and said I was a lesbian (which is true) he pouted for a bit but said it was mostly because I swerved so hard and not necessarily because I rejected him.  Around last year I met a girl online and we went on some dates and really clicked, Ava’s a really conventionally attractive woman and she has a darker alternative style, while mine is more vibrant and bright, hers his a lot of whimsical witchy stuff. I’m saying this because honestly one of the first weird things he did was talk about how she was a “hot goth chick” and “alt girls always look crazy hot” and just wouldn’t shut up about it until all our friends said it was gross of him.  Recently at this bonfire he came up with tipsy and began talking about our intimacy life, what we do and use for example. We both kinda shuffled away and said we’d avoid him but he followed us around asking invasive questions, then eventually he started saying “if you all ever want to try the real thing let me know, I’m happy to give you the experience” it was gross and we kept saying to stop gradually getting more stern till I flipped.  I remember explicitly saying while also tipsy “holy f*ck! Can you leave us the hell alone? Neither of us want you in our bed! I can bet we’ll be better off without your thing in us than with it, go away cuz we aren’t entertaining your fetish sh*t anymore!” Though I’ll say in my semi drunk state it probably wasn’t as coherent or well said as I phrase it. My girlfriend said some things but I don’t remember it well, anyway, all yesterday and today morning even been receiving some texts saying he felt bad and all that wasn’t necessary when so many people were around.   Apparently he’s really embarrassed and has gone around saying he feels to awkward now and he doesn’t feel he can joke with girls anymore cause “he never clocked his behavior as anything but a joke” so I do feel sorry he didn’t mean it but I think he should understand it’s not tasteful to speak like that especially when he’s been told to stop.
205	adjudicated	INFO	   I normally work from home but when I do have to go into the office I get the train. To get to the station I either have to get a bus that only comes every hour and then walk for 25 mins or get a taxi. Normally the taxi is a reasonable price so I don't mind paying.  I was at the office today so got a taxi to the station and got the train to work. On the way back my train was delayed by 40 mins and then when I got back the taxi prices had increased to over 3x their usual amount due to demand. My girlfriend was at home not doing anything so I asked if she would be able to drive and pick me up.  It is only a 15 min drive so isn't too bad and I often pay towards petrol and told her I'd do the same today. She refused and told me to make my own way back since she wasn't planning to leave the apartment. I was a bit upset since I wasn't really asking for much so I walked to the bus station and it took me over an hour to get home on top of the fact I was already delayed with the train.  My gf could tell there was something wrong and asked what was up. I just said that it hurt a bit that she wouldn't do a small favour for me and that I wasn't asking for much. She just asked why she should have to pick me up when she was already home. I just said in relationships you should do small things to help the other person out when you can.  I pointed out I regularly run to the shop on an evening for her when she wants something even though I wouldn't have otherwise been going but she just said it's different since the shop is closer. She said I was guilt tripping her but I just mentioned that I was only talking about how I felt and she just repeated that I shouldn't have expected her to come and pic me up when she didn't need to.  AITB for expecting a small favour?
471	adjudicated	NTB	I (f22 &amp; agnostic atheist) have been spending the last couple of days in a personal dilemma between pleasing my family (mom 55, sister 26, and dad 55) and following my own code of morals and ethics. My mother, sister, and I are all agnostic atheists. My father is Christian. My sister lives in Colorado and I only get to see her twice a year. When she’s back in town for the holidays she stays with my parents in our childhood home. I have been moved out for not even a full year and I’m expected to spend all my time with the entire family. I have already spend every single hour of PTO that I could on either visiting my sister or this holiday break. Two days ago, from the second I woke up, to midnight I spent the day chauffeuring my sister around town. Yesterday I had a migraine the ENTIRE day and genuinely couldn’t get out of bed without puking from the pain. Today I finished up a couple of last minute presents and then picked up my sister again and spend all day with her until dinner. It started off with my parents questioning my why my boyfriend (m25) didn’t want to join our family for Christmas Eve dinner (tomorrow) or Christmas Day dinner. More on that in a second…The dinner of political hell broke loose.  It started with the typical headlines that pierced my soul. I’ve been already on a loosing battle with my mental health and have vocalized this to my parents several times that the state of the world and my current demoralizing job is really getting to my mental health. The political debate broke out and I learned exactly how my white dad justifies his racists beliefs.  Context: My significant other is Muslim and doesn’t celebrate Christmas. He also just lost someone close in his immediate family. He’s also incredibly passionate about the World politics surrounding Gaza as he has family ties and close family friends currently suffering.  I heard enough. I calmly stood up, washed my dishes, grabbed my coat and left my parents house. I texted my mother this is the last Christmas I will ever be celebrating as I cannot be morally and ethically okay with myself in practicing a capitalistic frenzy of “the holidays” when I’m 1) actively trying to not spend money and 2) not religious and don’t understand why we celebrate it. I can understand it’s family time. But I’ve been going over to my parents house every single day while trying to still maintain my full time job and getting backlash from both sides. I haven’t even been able to be there for my partner who is in emotional turmoil, as our work schedules never align normally and my family is taking up the hours I would typically have once a week to see him. I already bought gifts for my family and plan to drop them by the house tomorrow night after checking in on my partner to make sure he is okay and spending some time together.  Did I overreact? I’m getting spammed with texts from my sister blaming me for ruining her time here and trying to guilt me into spending even more time with her. Maybe I’m getting too emotional with all the chaos going on? AITBF?
372	adjudicated	NTB	i live on a residential, mostly calm street off a BUSY road in a rough-ish area. the neighbors at the end of my block have always had 2-4 dogs and weren't always leashed up but stayed generally near the vicinity of their house and looked a healthy weight and taken care of. fast forward 2 years to now, there is many more dogs, around 8 or so. knocking down trash cans for food, wandering into my shared yard (duplex lot, neighbors have a toddler) sleeping dead smack in the middle of my street, looking sick and injured. my mom no longer lives with me but used to so i told her what's going on with the dog situation recently how theyre sick, skinny, limping, more of them now and making my neighbors uncomfortable for their toddlers safety. she told me not to call animal control and i said i wouldn't but today one of the dogs came in my yard and growled at me as i was taking my groceries inside. i'd seen them wandering around limping as i was leaving to the store and i've seen ENOUGH. its cold here at night and they have no shelter along with all the other stuff ive listed so i called 311 to report neglect against my moms wishes. she says its not a neighborly thing to do to call animal control without speaking to them (neighbors) first but i say it's been 2 years of this and only getting worse. so, am i the buttface here?
183	adjudicated	NTB	   So, I tried online dating for the first time and found a match. To summarize, the guy (let's call him Jose) said in his bio that he wants to start off as friends into something more serious. Also, the last time he dated was 4 years ago.  Within the first week of texting he already wanted to go to the movies. Of course, I was excited, until I had a gut reaction to him still being a complete stranger, and it would have been an empty theater. I declined and explained my discomfort to him. I was grateful that said he understood.  Fast forward to nearly 2 months later, and we have been talking almost every day. Jose seemed like a nice guy, but there are times when he'll leave me hanging while texting. I just assumed that he was busy or tired from work. No problem. I just left a bad crowd of people and want to meet like-minded people.  I feel comfortable enough to meet him in person. I asked for different places to meet, but Jose said he might have a mission (navy) coming up soon. I asked when would be a good time to meet. He said he's not sure. Fair.  I asked weeks later if Jose had any missions coming up. He says, "No, why?."...  So, I asked again if he still wanted to meet up, and he agreed quickly. We both agree to go to the museum in 2 weeks. During this time, we text every other day or so. Also, Jose said he had to make a life-changing decision, but he said it was nothing serious. I think maybe it's about his sick dog or something job-related. I just told him I'm here if he ever wanted to talk to me about it. He never told me what it was. Also, fine. It could be a sensitive topic, or he wants to talk about it when we meet. (He doesn't).  We finally met for the first time and had a lot of fun. Jose paid for my ticket, so I helped out with dinner. He was nervous but eventually calmed down. Interestingly, he would text on his phone when we didn't know what to say to each other, but he would put it away to give me his undivided attention when I spoke. It could have been his sisters, his roommate, nerves, I don't know.  I told Jose that I had a great time, to which he also agreed. Two days later, he apologized for not texting me as much because his girl was hogging all of his attention. I was confused. I asked if he meant his car, or his female dog. Nope, .... he has a girlfriend, and they have been dating for a month. A little bit shorter than we had been talking, and not once did he mention that he now dating his friends of 8 years!!  I quickly texted Jose saying I had to go, but he insisted that it was fine since his girlfriend was in the other room cooking. It left a terrible taste in my mouth hearing that. He asked how's my art project going. Defeated, I tell him it's not that important. He doesn't reply a thing until 5 days later with a simple "Hey". I just said, "Hi" and he still hasn't responded back in almost 20 hours.  AITA for wanting out of this relationship before it gets too messy, or am I overrated and should still be friends with Jose?
32	adjudicated	NBH	This happened a while back but I \[31M\] just started thinking about it again for some reason. I used to use some phone app kind of like Yik Yak (I don’t remember the name) where you could share anonymous posts and photos with people around the country. It had a countrywide feed where everyone’s posts showed up and we could comment and upvote/downvote them.     One day a girl on the app posted a photo of herself. She looked nearly identical to a former housemate of mine, a girl a few years younger than me by the name of Heather. I commented, “Heather, is that you?” A minute or two later she responded, “Who TF is Heather?” I responded telling her what I just told you about my former housemate, and she responded with an LOL or a laughing emoji or something like that.     A few days later she posted another photo of herself. I commented “Hi Heather” on her photo. I looked back a little while later and suddenly didn’t see her post showing up in my feed. There was a page in this app where I could see all the comments I’d made on other people’s posts, and I remember going to it and seeing the first comment I’d made to her also now not showing up; indicating that she had probably blocked me.     Was I a B for making this comment in jest on her photo?
94	adjudicated	NTB	&amp;#x200B;  I (26m) have two daughters. Oldest is 8, and youngest is 1.5. Let's call them Em and Bo.  Em and I were estranged for a while as she is from a previous relationship but recently she has been living with me as her mom fell on hard times. Bo is GF and I's child.  As of right now, I am unemployed as we could not afford childcare services, and Bo was a surprise. GF made a lot more than me, so I ended up being the SAHD.  This is a lot to juggle right now. To start off, Em is extremely picky and a bit spoiled as she grew up with her wealthy mother and her family members. Both GF and I can't afford the lifestyle she is used to, so she is very resentful of us. Bo on the other hand cannot sleep at night and is up all night distraught and I am up with her getting no sleep at all.  Naturally, because of this I am usually too exhausted to cook, or do time-consuming chores. My GF understood my struggles at first but recently since Em started living with us she's been very irritable. I assumed she'd be more understanding as now I have two children to take care of by my own, but she's been making snide and hurtful comments.  Most of these comments imply I am lazy and not trying which is not the case at all. I'm trying my hardest but really right now some ramen and chicken noodle soup is the best I can do for dinner when I can barely feed myself.  Last week she just seemed on edge for days. One night when she came home, I forgot to clean up me and the kids dinners from the coffee table (and I will admit, it did look pretty bad because Bo had knocked the bowls down) and blew up at me and cried.  I tried to soothe her but she was screaming that I was lazy and deadbeat and how could I do this to her. I told her to calm down so we could talk and she said she was done. I was shocked and asked what she meant and she said she was leaving me and didn't want Bo to be "neglected" by me any longer.  I begged her to reason but she ignored me the entire time as she packed her and Bos bags and began to head out the door. I bloced the doorway and yelled and said she was selfish for leaving me alone as I am exhausted and depressed and taking my daughter away. She told me that sentence alone sealed the deal, and left. I've been trying to contact her for days and the most I know is that she's at a hotel and I'm worried sick but don't think I did anything wrong.  AITA?
129	adjudicated	NTB	Background: BIL’s dog is known for its aggression towards animals, including a previous attack on our dog requiring hospitalization. Despite this, the dog hasn’t been adequately trained or disciplined beyond mild scolding.  Incident details: To facilitate BIL’s visit, MIL kept his dog overnight. Despite precautions to separate the dogs, a door mistakenly left open led to BIL’s dog attacking ours without warning. The attack was vicious and unprovoked, resulting in our dog losing a small part of its eyelid and sustaining a tear in the eyeball, necessitating emergency veterinary care. The severity of the attack left our dog in pain and traumatized, highlighting the ongoing danger posed by BIL’s dog's unchecked aggression.  My reaction: The repeat of such an intense attack, coupled with the lack of substantial preventive measures, provoked a strong response from me which may have struck a nerve in my MIL. I expressed deep frustration and anger, emphasizing the need for serious behavioral training for BIL’s dog. I warned of the potential legal and life-threatening consequences from other pet owners if such aggression continues unchecked. I definitely said some unnecessary things (cursing, the negligent behavior of training the dog, etc.), but I believe my response was in line with the severity of the issue.  BIL’s response: He took full responsibility and expressed remorse, which I appreciate. However, action needs to be taken so that this does not happen in the future to not only my dog, but any other pet that comes across his dog.  MIL’s reaction: In contrast, MIL’s response focused on my emotional reaction rather than the attack's seriousness. She was upset by my strong words, labeling them as “disgusting” and “inhumane,” and suggested we should downplay the incident as a normal occurrence. Her reaction was more about defending BIL and critiquing my handling of the situation than addressing the real issue of BIL’s dog's dangerous behavior. This has been a pattern, with MIL often dismissing concerns over the dog's aggression and prioritizing family dynamics over safety and accountability.  Question: Considering the repeated, unprovoked aggression from BIL’s dog resulting in serious harm to our pet, and the family’s divided response focusing more on interpersonal reactions than on addressing the root issue, AITBF for my upset and insistence on the need for action?  TLDR: After BIL’s known aggressive dog severely injured ours, I expressed strong frustration and concern for future safety. MIL criticized my emotional response, overlooking the seriousness of BIL’s dog's behavior and the need for training and accountability.
456	adjudicated	NTB	I (25M) and my fiancé (25F) are getting married next year, we have been engaged for a couple years and together for over 8 years. Save the dates went out in May for people we wanted to have at the ceremony, including to these family friends. We’ll call them B and R. B has been my mum’s best friend for over 40 years, they went to school together, B and R’s daughter is one year older than me and 2 years younger than my sister, we all grew up together, went on holidays together well into our teen years, spent nearly every other weekend at their house growing up. These are people who aren’t blood family but I would consider them family because of how present they have been in my life. My fiancé also knows B in a professional manner but they love to chat and B has referred to me as ‘like a nephew’ multiple times in their conversations.  We hadn’t had an RSVP from B and R which I thought was odd as we’d heard back from their daughter who is very excited to have received an invitation and is coming from another country to attend. My mum still sees B almost weekly, so I asked her about it, if B had received the invite in the post? I was a little shocked when my mum said B had received the invitation but they were thinking of booking a holiday around that time. Nothing had been booked at the time, if it had it would have been understandable and I wouldn’t have wanted them to cancel.   We waited a couple months for an RSVP and did not receive one. I asked my mum to bring it up in conversation with B casually in case she forgot. 5 months later B and R said they were booking their ‘once in a lifetime holiday’ so we got our answer and we gave their spaces to some +1s. They made their choice, but I can’t lie I was upset, their holiday was a multiple country tour which sounds amazing but it runs yearly and you don’t get more ‘once in a lifetime’ than a wedding.  Here’s where the real issue starts, recently they are considering cancelling their holiday because one of the countries they are meant to go through had a notice from the UK government not to travel there and their insurance will not cover them. My mum is fully aware that their ceremony/meal spaces have been given to +1s, but she asked if they would be welcome at the reception if they did cancel their holiday. I said no, we are not a back up plan or a 2nd option. My mum tried to say that’s not what’s happening. I was firm that the answer was no, regardless of what she thought the situation was, to me and my fiancé it seems like we are the 2nd option. My mum seemed a little surprised at my response and said we wouldn’t speak of it ‘for now’. My fiancé has been fully supportive of my response, she is aware that I am a bit of a people pleaser for my family so to have me stand my ground for once is a nice feeling, especially when she’s in my corner too.  AITA for basically cancelling their invitation or am I being petty?
255	adjudicated	NTB	A week ago I found out that a guy that I’ve been dating is actually the recent ex boyfriend of a girl who has became a close friend of mine over the past few years.  I don’t know if I should fall back or not because my girl-friend knew that I was talking to her ex but didn’t (has yet to) tell me. Also she has been distant lately. I assumed it was because she literally just got married and is in talks of having kids w/her husband. I only found out that they were once in a serious relationship after showing a picture of the guy to my mentor who then informed me about their past relationship. It apparently was a very serious 3 year relationship. (My mentor, used to mentor my girl-friend) My mentor didn’t advise against me dating this guy. She thinks really highly of him and strongly suggests that I should continue with seeing him.  Sidenote: I hung out with my girl-friend today and she still hasn’t told me that the guy I’m dating is her ex. I even brought him up in convo hoping that we’d have “that” convo. The guy also knows that me and his ex are good friends and I often tell him about our friendship. He also hasn’t told me that she is his ex. I think it’s really weird that they both hadn’t said anything to me at all. I know it isn’t exactly my place to press them, but now I feel like an idiot.
347	adjudicated	NTB	This literally just happened and I'm still very upset. Me (16m) and my mom who's 47 f, also unemployed, don't always agree on things especially when it comes to my cat. She believes it's ok for him to roam freely just because he wants to, however I don't for obvious safety reasons. When I came home earlier my mom mentioned how there was a lot of blood in the bathroom and she didn't know where it came from but we assumed my cat ate something from outside. We didn't know where he was up until like 20 minutes ago when he came out from under my bed. We discovered that on his neck is really swollen and I told her he needs to go to the vet. Obviously not at this very moment but I don't want to wait as I am very concerned. However, she said he doesn't have to since "cats don't need the vet" which in this case I really think he does.
245	adjudicated	NTB	 So yesterday was a weirdly warm day and I was going to spend the day with my bf outside. We hit up a few breweries, got lunch, and walked around the park. I was wearing a skirt that was slightly above my knee and a cute top.   While walking around the park the wind started picking up and my skirt blew up briefly. I tried to hold it down in the front but the rear would blow around a bit. My bf noticed, and also noticed that a couple guys behind us could have seen. He says they did but has no proof. This happened a couple other times on our 30+ min walk.   I was wearing undies (thong if that matters). But he said I should have known it was going to be windy. Or worn shorts under “such a short skirt”.   I think it’s nbd even if the guys behind me saw some cheeks. But he’s making it seem like I did it intentionally and wanted to flash them. He’s basically calling me an ah for “not respecting our relationship”.   AITB?
55	adjudicated	JB	My mom and dad have always had a weird relationship. They are friendly most of the time but my dad is a very condescending person. There were some disputes between their families when they got married (arranged marriage) almost 20 yrs ago. My dad is still holding on to that and will occasionally make sparky comments about my mom's family. She doesn't like it, but ignores it for the sake of maintaining peace in the house.  I'm 17, and have a lot of entrance exams in the next month, which is  why it is necessary that the environment remains tranquil. My dad probably has undiagnosed bipolar disorder. One day he's happy, and joking around, and the next he turns into a tincan which radiates negative energy. Will only say hurtful things.   My mom's sister was traveling for some work related stuff and asked if she could stay at our house instead of a hotel. My mom obviously agreed. She asked my dad and he didn't disagree, but immediately resorted to tincan mode. The day before her arrival, he started cursing my mom out of nowhere. He called her a bad and selfish mother And a leech who gives his hard earned money to her family. Neither of it is true. My mom earns her own money and is the best mom in the world.   He said that the guest would disrupt my studies, eventhough she was just gonna stay for 2 days. My mom gets hurt very easily, and started crying. Earlier in 2023, my paternal grandparents stayed in our house for almost 6-7 months being the most uncooperative lot ever. Their presence had actually affected my studies a lot, also my peace of mind was gone.  All this set me off and I told him to shut his mouth because he wasn't making any sense. At this my dad said that I was brainwashed by my mom's family and they're actually rascals after his money. (Keep in mind, I didn't even get to meet any of them until I was 10 and they're the nicest people ever). To this I said that it was his family that is the asshole and keeps leeching off of him. Your parents and brother are the ones who keep asking you for money. My dad got really angry and left for the office, on the way he crashed the car and is now in the hospital with mediocre injuries. My mom told her sister not to come in the end.  Now everyone is treating me as though, I was the one who caused the accident, even my mom :(. Am I really the buttface here?
291	adjudicated	YTB	Me and my friend are college students who share a class together. Yesterday, when we got out of class, he told me that he had his eyes on a girl sitting in the same row as us, and that he thought she was cute and wanted to ask her out.  I told him that wasn't a good idea, because she could already be taken. I also said that even if they started dating, breaking up would make things extremely awkward since we're all in the same class - and the professor uses attendance sheets. The class we share isn't one of those big lecture halls with hundreds of students, it's a small one with about 25-30 students.  My friend said why I couldn't be more supportive, and I told him that I was just being pragmatic and that she isn't worth it for the reasons I mentioned above.      He was still upset and said that he just wants to find someone to be happy with, and that I shouldn't ruin that for him. I told him that there's better places to look for people to be in a relationship with, like a club or a public event, and if things don't work out he will never see them again, making it easier to move on. He wouldn't be able to do that with someone that he shares a class with, which would make it hurt more if she either turned him down or if they broke up.  I told him again that I was only being pragmatic and that he should focus on doing well in the class.  Am I the buttface in this scenario for just being pragmatic with my friend?
356	adjudicated	YTB	I (32F) met my husband (33m) at work. It is a high stress, high stakes job and my workplace is very close.   My future husband (Jason) and I started together and became good friends. It took us by surprise when, one emotional night, Jason and I slept together. I had been saving myself for marriage, so this was huge for me.   A lot of drama that happened, but to summarize - Jason and I had a on/off relationship for a while, which culminated in him pulling a “speak now” and me leaving my fiance at the alter to run off and marry Jason instead.   We were both deliriously happy, until I became pregnant.   During a routine ultrasound it was discovered that our son had a fatal genetic disorder. If I managed to carry him to term, he would only live a few painful hours.  Though devestated, we eventually decided to induce at 24 weeks, name and baptise our baby, and allow him to pass away in our arms. We named him Sawyer.   After Sawyers death we went through the most difficult patch of our lives, but I think it was worse for me. I carried Sawyer in my body, I was his mother - and on top of that it led to a crisis of faith. I was drowning, every minute of every day, so when a colleague brought up an opportunity to use our professional skills to help others overseas, I jumped on the chance.   Jason did not want me to leave, but i did - for a while year. He was happy when I came home, but it was clear he was resentful. He made that more clear when after a couple of weeks I told him I wanted to go back. He told me to do what I needed, but that if I went we were done.   I thought he was overreacting snd being unfair to make demands of me while I was trying to deal with my grief, and I decided not to bow to his ultimatum. True to his word, when I came back he repeatedly asked for a divorce.   I did not accept this. I was back and ready to fight for our marriage, but Jason believed I had acted selfishly and without any thought for his suffering. I tried to change his mind, we were even sleeping together for a while, but ultimately he could not be swayed.    A week ago, Jason and I met to sign divorce papers. Before I signed, I asked him one last time if it was what he really wanted. He said yes, and so we went through with it.   Just that morning I had taken a pregnancy test, and it was positive. In the days since I have confirmed it, but I haven't told him. I did tell one of my coworkers and another coworker figured it out himself and confronted me.  Both of them say i need to tell Jason, and that im wrong for not doing so first. I don't think I did anything wrong - he didn't want to be with me, and I wasn't going to use my child to force him to stick around. I think it's my right to tell him whenever I want, he divorced me - he has no say in the decisions I make about this child until it is born.   AITA for not telling him as soon as I found out, or are my friends just conflicted by their personal relationship with Jason?
201	adjudicated	NTB	I (20F) live in a college apartment with three other girls. We have two parking spots that come free with our unit. Two of the girls had cars when we first moved in, so the spots were naturally used by them. With the start of the new semester, I brought my car to school with me. One of my roommates is often gone so I park in the open spot, but will tell me when she's coming back so she can have the spot back. Parking has been okay finding on the street, but past a certain time (around 8:30pm) I can't leave or else I will come back to no street parking. My roommate usually stays over the weekends, which forces me to stay in out of fear of losing my street parking. After about a month of this, I'm getting frustrated not being able to leave late at night so I brought up the idea of sharing the spots with my roommates. I suggested we rotate the person who must park on the street by the week. My roommate who is gone pretty often said that she can't parallel park and would rather buy a new spot. All of the spots around our unit are sold out and the closest one is up the street and would require each of us to pay $100. We are paying the price of a full year to only utilize it for about 4 months. I think this is ridiculous as there is more than enough street parking during the day and there is also a parking garage the same distance that is only $1 per hour (max $8 per night). And I'm a college student, I don't want to pay nor have $100 for a spot not even close to my apartment! Her other suggestion was that she tells me when she's coming back from being home so that I can move out the spot before the street parking fills up, but again that doesn't eliminate my problem of not being able to leave at night. And I do not think it's fair that I have to move whenever she decides she wants to come back. I didn't think it was too big of an ask for them to manage their time a few weeks in the semester to get street parking so that no one has to pay anything. AITA?
240	adjudicated	YTB	I (24M) have been in a long-distance relationship with an older woman in America (34F) for several years now and have been wanting her to visit me in New Zealand for a long time. I finally got my wish two weeks ago, and I've never been happier. Unfortunately, she has to return to America tomorrow. Or she would have to, if I hadn't executed a brilliant plan.   I wrote heartfelt letters to Xi Jinping, Vladimir Putin and Kim Jong-Un explaining how important my relationship with this woman was to me, and expressed fears that I may never see her again once she leaves. So I had a simple request for them, which they fulfilled: I notified them a couple of days ago that my girlfriend was in New Zealand, and like they promised, America (and the entire Northern Hemisphere) has now been destroyed in a nuclear war, meaning my girlfriend never has to (and can't) return home, and she can stay with me forever!  My girlfriend was crying about how her entire family and all of her friends are now dead. In order to comfort her, I revealed to her, with evidence, that I orchestrated World War 3 so we could be together forever, and that the death of billions was a terrible but necessary consequence of our eternal love.  Long story short, she broke up with me and I'm now in hospital with severe injuries. Additionally, I am being charged with countless international war crimes. Why does the world not accept true love? What's more loving than sacrificing most of the world's population for the love of your life? Am I somehow the buttface for simply being very dedicated to my now ex-partner?
359	adjudicated	NTB	I(29f) and P(30m) have been having issues with my mentally disabled neighbour(40?m) for 2 months, i’ll call him ND. ND and his mother moved in next door and it started with ND putting my bin out then one day I heard a noise and looked out the window to see him staring at me, he went back to his garden, moved some stuff then leant over the fence, rang my doorbell and stared at the camera. When I go to my bins he’s stood in his window (about 3ft away) and staring. Days when I take my kids to nursery I leave through the back door, its a french door and the only way to get the pram out. I had noticed ND stood at his back window staring and we walked around to the front and he’d be at that window staring.  ND started to approach P any time he was outside and P is a friendly guy and sympathies. ND has became obsessed with my gate needing to be closed. Anytime the gate would be open ND would walk onto my property, past my driveway and to the gate to close it. P was clearing out the shed and ND approached him and told him several times to close the gate, P explained to him repeatedly that he was busy and needed the gate open but ND kept insisting it was closed.  A week ago P caught ND looking in my back door which leads into my kid’s playroom, luckily they weren’t here at the time because it would of scared them! It scared me because im here alone with my kids and its creepy to know you’re being watched and someone is looking into where my kids play! P spoke to ND and told him he is not allowed in my garden and he needed to leave and ND said we needed to lock the gate.  Yesterday was the final straw. P was jet washing his car and the garden, in 3 hours ND came out 9 times to complain and entered my back garden. P was getting impatient and told him to get out of the garden, ND held his hand out and said “come here”  P said “no thanks, you need to get out the garden” ND sulked and left.  Later I locked the door and saw ND closing my gate and I firmly told him he needs leave, he started apologising and I said “you need to get out of my garden right now” He started walking towards me saying “I need to have a word with you” I started shouting until he backed up to my gate then started apologising. I told him where my garden starts and said “you are not allowed in my garden, do not come into my garden again and leave us alone!” As he left he said “see you soon” which was terrifying. I was shaking and my heart was racing! I have never felt so scared and I am concerned about what he will do next.   I keep my blinds closed and im constantly looking on my doorbell app anytime there’s a noise outside, I don’t feel safe to leave my house, I am worried about my kids being scared, Im on edge about my doors always being locked, I have been losing sleep and having nightmares. I reported everything to the police online last night because his behaviour is getting more threatening but im being told im overreacting! So AITBF?
64	adjudicated	INFO	So Im the only female(also a black woman) at my job and I feel bad for feeling this way but Im feeling like Im being discriminated against even though it is a bit petty.  Basically my job is featuring me in a post for women's week next week and I had a concern that I didnt want my full name in the post. My supervisor told me I had nothing to worry about and the post was only going to be shared to linkedin and maybe twitter and no other platforms because apparently a "different person" manages the other social media posts. I looked at all their platforms and they have the same posts across the line so now Im wondering why a post featuring me is only being shared to one or two platforms..  Im not really concerned about the attention from posts. Im concerned about the actions of the company... Why is it that my white colleagues are shared to all platforms but Im only being featured on linkedin and "maybe" twitter?  WIBTB I bring this matter up to my union steward? Is this even a matter I can bring up to him? 
325	adjudicated	NTB	 I,   33yo female, canceled my wedding this year 2 weeks before the date.   We  were already legally married (1 yr) but most people didn't know that  as  we did it in secret.  After getting legally married to my husband,  25yo  male who was a few years in the USA, I got a girl  follow me on IG  who had a highlight with my husband of at least 10  pictures and videos  together.  One of the picture she dressed in all  white, he in suite,  and the caption read "She said Yes!" which made me  think he was already  married in his country.  He explained to me he did a  ceremony to be  able to get to know a girl in his country but then moved  to the USA and  that ended.  I chose to trust him and we moved forward  with wedding  plans but he was always in a bad mood seeing venues and  speaking of  wedding stuff.  He struggled to keep up with payments for  that and our  living expenses which I found odd due to him working over  time weekly  at a reasonably paid job as a chef.  He explained he had a  big debt in  his country from a restaurant he had opened in the past that  closed  down (a debt he previous to getting married said would finish  paying  January 2023 but later turned out to be ongoing all year long).  1.5-2   months before the wedding date we argued over wedding stuff (guest  list  being at 100 instead of 80) and his mood at wedding final walk  through  (again being shitty).  He said I make everything complicated  and it's  all my fault.  I said maybe your right, in tears, and I am  complicated  and thus maybe we shouldn't of even gotten married in the  first place.   After this, he became a completely different person and  said needed  space- began sleeping in another room, would tell me not to  touch him,  when I tried to talk to apologize/fix the situation (at  least 5  conversations) it would lead nowhere as I felt he was cold and  not open  to fixing things (just defensive and not listening to my  side).  The  more time passed by the more anxious and desperate I became  as we were  so close the wedding and this was ongoing.  I offered  therapy and he  refused and said he would only talk to my father about  this.  My husband  then told me his mother had a stroke and was in the  hospital but  cognitively ok.  Due to everything going on, I didn't even  know if to  believe that.  However, I can't prove anything so I offered  to post pone  the wedding and/or help him pay for a flight ticket to go  see her.  He  said no to both.  He wanted to go on with the wedding but  not really  clear the air with me in time for the date.  I involved my  dad, wrote  him a two page front and back letter, cleaned his room, had  my sister  talk to us until finally he and I seemed to fix things.  But  during all  of that he belittled me, yelled at me for 40 minutes  straight, would  scold/demand that I not cry.  After the night we fixed  things, I posted  on his fb wall for his birthday, by the next day that  post was gone.  I  canceled the wedding and now in the process of  divorcing him.
461	adjudicated	NTB	I don't get along with my bf's sister. My first introduction with his sister years ago went fine in my eyes. We were at a fair and my roommate (mutual friend of hers) actually found her brought her over and introduced us then we had a very basic convo and it was over quick. Days later my bf said his sister was telling her friends and everyone that I was weird and awkward and I was eating chili fries off by myself. Which I sort of was because just seconds before I went to a stand to order the fries before they found me again. My roommate was there for the conversation she didn't think anything odd about it. I'm not super outgoing and maybe a bit on the quieter side so I was thinking she must have picked up on that quickly and didn't like that. Anyways, since then if I walk by her I will say hi and she will pretend not to see me in their house or out and about. When I have dinner with the family any time I speak or ask someone a question I can see her make a face to her bf.   Fortunately, my bf says all his other family members love me and they always extend an invite to things. His friends like me as well so we're good for the most part. But he said it would be ideal for his sister to like me. Funny thing is for the last year he hasn't even gotten along with his sister because they had an argument about chores or something and she hasn't talked to him since.   My bf agrees his sister is rude but told me I need to make more of an effort to be more outgoing and get along with her. His family has also noticed the tension and said it needs to be resolved. No one has spoken to her about it. AITBF if I just let her be.  TLDR; AITBF if I don't make an effort to get along with my bf's sister even if it means a lot to him. She makes me uncomfortable, doesn't acknowledge my existence, and told people I was weird.
395	adjudicated	NTB	I turned 26 last week and got my MA a little over a year ago start my new career this week. At Uni I was in a club and befriended someone who I became close too and got feelings for and they are 21. They are in their final year of uni and like me back too and was planning on asking them. However WIBTB for asking them out as are life stages too much  One of my friends dated a 28 year old at 18 and guy was a huge creep and further some dude at my HS was 26 and dated a senior who was 18 and had me worrying of coming across the same as that dude and all. So AITB?
464	adjudicated	NTB	I'm (24F) a wedding photographer and in May 2023 I got an inquiry about a December 2023 travel elopement. This bride is local to me and found me through her best friend. I've never met this bride prior to this inquiry, but had met her best friend once for a mini photo session.   One day I want to eventually market myself as a travel elopement/travel wedding photographer and go all over the world for work, so I was excited when this bride reached out and I saw her venue (Out of my state) was something that was on my venue bucketlist. As soon as she booked me in May, my hotel was booked and other travel experiences were paid for in advance, and a legal contract was signed.  Skip to November 2023, I now have this bride added as a Facebook friend and I tagged her in a post promoting her small business. My best friend (24F) reached out to me asking how I knew who this girl was. She asked me like she had never spoken to me about it before.   It's not my story to share the whole thing, but basically BFF went on to say that 2 years prior to May 2023 (before I knew BFF), this bride made her feel so low, my friend felt the need to go to a psychiatric hospital. I comforted my friend and ensured that I had no idea about this and that I was sorry about the experience she went through. I did mention I was going to be doing her wedding photos in December. I felt bad as soon as she told me about it. I felt like as a small business owner, I couldn't cancel on this bride a month before her wedding date and make her scramble to find another photographer.  Everything is fine between us from when she first disclosed this information to me to the wedding in December. She's actively texting me while I'm working the wedding asking how beautiful it is, if I'm having fun. When I was done I asked her if it was okay that I posted these photos to social media, and that I was not doing so maliciously and that I wanted her to be okay. I just wanted the location in my portfolio, and I was proud of the images. She said "Duh, post them!", so I did and I thought everything was okay.   Maybe a week or so later, I'm back home and I had noticed my friend was interacting with someone that publicly embarrassed me (in front of best friend) and disrespected me. I was angry and texted her about it.  She immediately went off on me about it and said this girl didn't disrespect me and that I'm a terrible, horrible person for doing these wedding photos, and that I hurt everyone around me. She said all I care about is my money and myself, and that I didn't even consider her feelings when I did this wedding.  She's now saying that she told me about her story with my bride a year ago after I did the bride's friend's photos. She said she has screenshots and I said I had no recollection of this and asked if she would send the screenshots. She never did, and now I feel crazy? I would have never taken this booking if I knew this story?  I was legally contractually bound to doing this wedding. AITB for still doing it?
412	adjudicated	NTB	I(20F) am from germany. and I have recently joined a group chat of my boyfriends friends- and my boyfriend is in there too and some of my friends are in there too..  They seemed nice people, until they started sending N*zi stickers and WW2/Holocaust jokes..  At first I tried to distance myself away from those and just do not talk to them (which i never rlly did since i backed off that group. but it started to get out of hand and these jokes are not really funny.  So my Boyfriend(20M) (since he was the one creating that group, which had no N*zi intentions and was at first a group of like classmates until they added more), sets a rule that if someone ever makes H*tler jokes, send such stickers and just cant talk properly without mentioning "war" "H*tler" "The Jews(in a negative way)" etc. gets kicked out of the group. and everyone knew and was understanding of that, or atleast thats what they pretended too.  Now heres the thing, A friend(F19) of mine recently joined this group and since the majority in there are men, she starts to instantly become friendly with them. Some really simp for her and she too found their dumb jokes funny and during Christmas Eve, she baled cookies with her boyfriend, they PURPOSELY drew a N*zi cross onto the cookie and send it into the groupchat. since it was so much and a LOT of people grew tired of it, I immediatly told my friend how disrespectful that is to joke about that, and the only thing I got was "Dont be a bitch about it", which didnt really bother since i stand my ground. and "No one cares about these dead people anymore" and that comment really made my blood boil. Not only is she ignorant to people that got murdered in KZ's and even already in their homes if not- but she also literally disrespect the victims from that timeline and it disgusted me.  I then told her nothing and just distanced myself because there was no purpose in talking since she would get really defensive and all she do would be insulting me.  Then it happened that some guys in the roup just didnt care about those fucking rules and proceed to send more and more stuff of it, and my Boyfriend kicked them, since it was a set rule.  My (?)Friend proceeds to call us "kindergardners" for being sensitive about the fact that we set a rule for those jokes and that we are sensitive. and now we are not talking anymore which i see no problem with since I do not want to talk to someone who disrespects victims and try to downplay mass genocide  Another guy was proceeding to point out on my boyfriend that He only deletes those stickers because I, His girlfriend, am the problem. that I specifically told him to set that rule.. ..yet a lot of people made a serious statement that they are annoyed at these "jokes" and just wanted them to stop. and now some people are really pissed off at us for just not liking their sense of humor which isnt humor but disrespect..  So are we the asshole for setting a boundaries to not make fun of such a vile history and to not disrespect victims of the holocaust and WW2?
476	adjudicated	NTB	Me (18 M) have always had a difficult relationship with my parents. We usually don't talk much (or don't talk at all). It has been like this for as long as I can remember. They are also the typical homophobic/catholic combo, and have been insulting me and degrading me since they know I'm bisexual. Also, during the pandemic, I started demonstrating interest for cooking, and food related work/study. I was forced by my parents to study a system engineering career, that despite it being partially interesting for me, it just isn't what I'm passionate/love doing. After thinking about it, I decided to drop out of school and try to start working as a chef assistant (something I had already done in the past for about 7 months and it turned out great for me). I was also told by my boyfriend's family and him that I was free to stay with them and live there if I needed to. I felt like doing so would be the best social scenario for me, plus it would help me a lot in my personal relationships and in general being able to express myself more. So I decided to go with it. I just told my parents about what I will do, and they got furious, insulting my boyfriend, his mother and other family members. I was also threatened by my mother, saying she could call some of her friends which are doctors and make them say I'm not mentally able to get out of their house. They threatened with some other things and much more insults. AITA for leaving my house in search of a better personal/social/familiar scenario?
235	adjudicated	NTB	 I (18m) have autistim and a dissability that affects my joints making me use a cane. I am very able to do my job, I work in a cafe in the kitchen and make coffees. We got a new co-worker 'Meg', meg is older than me I'd say 40.  Meg was nice and polite at first, talking to me normally and only asked one question about my cane. But as soon as she found out I was autistic she began to talk to me like I was a child asking me things like "would you be ok on till by yourself?" And "are you sure you can make that latte without hurting your hands?" All in a 'Im talking to a young child or dog' voice. She even told co-workers not to swear around me because 'innocent ears'. None of my co-workers treat me any different and on multiple occasions asked her to stop.  I have asked her to stop many times, I have even proved to her that I am very capable and I have worked there for 3 years, longer than most co-workers but she just wouldn't stop.   I had had enough and in a chat to our manager brought up how annoying it was. He didn't realize she was doing this and called her in for a meeting, where I heard him raise his voice, she had shouted first. This made sense in my mind as he has had to defend me before. She came out crying and want home.  This is the second strike on her record despite only being here for 4 months and if she messes up again she'll be let go. She had found comfort in one of our bar staff and told him everything, he came to me and called me a b-hole because she has kids and animals to take care of and can't afford to loose another job. I've told a few people about this for advice and things and a few have told me I'm a b-face because I couldn't have asked her to stop and not gone to my manager but in my defense I didn't formally report it, it just came up in a chat with him and he took it seriously.  I'm really not sure anymore so AITBF?
448	adjudicated	NTB	So it’s Christmas morning! I am 21 years old and honestly not really expecting anything at all. My mum all year has been telling me how she is poor despite the fact she spends all her money on alcohol because she has a problem. Today of all days I thought this wasn’t going to be an issue because it’s Christmas and I have given birth to her grandchild so even more reason to put effort in.   She hands me a card to both me and my partner and it’s twenty pound to split between us. I found out earlier she spend hundreds to fix my older sisters car, and she gave my other sister twenty pounds so as much as my younger sister wasn’t doing too good in the Christmas department she still got ten quid more than me lmao. It beats the year she gave me a tshirt though.   We all went to effort to buy my mum something she would enjoy, we always have funny presents so we got her a wolf hoodie which cost double what she got me and thought was put into it. When I mentioned I was happy with the nicer gifts from my son’s other grandparent she became annoyed and said it was because she was poor. I casually mentioned how she LITERALLY cleared the wine shelf at the shop of the last 6 bottles yesterday which was somewhat more expensive than the gift she gave me. As well as this she gave my son a Christmas set for a 6 month old that’ll only fit him for a short time in July next year…   I don’t have a problem that she gave me a small gift. It’s that it was unthought of, and a lie that she had no money to put thought into presents this year. I jokingly said “Oh my gift will get me a packet of nappies… thanks I guess!” And now she’s saying she feels useless and everyone’s making me out to be ungrateful, but I am sick of her being an alcoholic getting in the way of putting real effort and money into important holidays.
46	adjudicated	NTB	 I live with my partner and we divide chores 50/50. For the dishes we alternate days for who does them and for cooking we used to cook together. More recently my gf has said she's tired around when it comes to the time we start cooking which mean I'm cooking more often.  It's started getting to me that I'm stressed at work then expected to then go and cook for both of us because my gf wants to go for a nap and then I still have to wash the dishes 50% of the time. For the last week or so my girlfriend has asked me to do the dishes on her night because she's tired so now it ends up me doing the majority of the work.  I sat down to talk with my gf yesterday and told her that I'd like her to start doing the dishes more than 50% of the time since I'm the only one cooking. She said it's not her fault she's tired and I pointed out she only seems to be tired once cooking has started.  She disagreed and said I was being unreasonable and that she does intend to help but I just pointed out if she intended to help she wouldn't go and lay on the sofa or bed when cooking starts. She said I was being unfair and using her tiredness as an excuse to start an argument but I just repeated that either she helps with the cooking or she does the dishes.  She said I was out of order and having a go at her for nothing. AITA for saying I am going to cook less if my girlfriend doesn't help or if she doesn't do the dishes more often?
499	adjudicated	NTB	So long story short I worked at a wonderful company where I feel most of my coworkers were good people. I’m struggling to understand how someone was seriously so upset by this that I had to be let go.   First of all, I am black. I have black children and a black partner. I love everyone from the bottom of my heart. I never said anything rude about anyone of any race.   I was overheard outside of work referring to my close friend as a n*gga. It was not aggressive. There was nothing negative. It’s just a word we use to refer to each other like “dude” or “man”. Most black people I know use the word causally.  Anyway someone went to work and told hr I’d said the n-word and then every single person at work stopped talking to me and I was fired immediately. While I recognize it’s taboo in some places and I wouldn’t say it at work just like I wouldn’t say a swear word, I am truly struggling to understand how a white person could actually think I meant it in a racist way when I am black! They actually treated me as if I was a racist which was surreal. No one had a single kind word for me.   Am I the buttface here? Am I out of touch?
42	adjudicated	YTB	Hey guys,  So, this is a relatively old situation which transpired in mid 2022. However, reflecting back, I’d like everyone’s opinion if I was the buttface and any recommendations.   When I was 29, I was living in Chicago and one of my FWBs back in the day was a lesbian (bisexual?) who dated a verbally abusive woman. Apparently she was controlling, was late for virtually everything, and just a pain to be around. She wasn’t physically abusive, but struck my FWB’s ego often. Tbh, she sounded like a total bitch.   My relationship with my FWB with twofold: a.) sex (obviously) and b.) I acted as her anchor and we texted a ton or hung out when possible. She was always fearful her girlfriend would get the gyst something was wrong, so we always chilled at a restaurant in Downtown Chicago or my apartment.   The point being: if you’re trapped in a verbally abusive relationship and your girlfriend is controlling, is it acceptable to cheat? That’s the thing, cheating is objectively wrong, but idk if my situation meets the criteria.  AITB?
233	adjudicated	NTB	My girlfriend and I's birthdays are both in the same month which is February. We usually have either a weekend away in-between both birthdays or a day out each. This year we agreed on a day out each since we have less money  next month due to paying for a holiday in May.   I picked the place I wanted to go for the day out for my birthday and made plans on what I wanted to do while there. Last night my girlfriend mentioned she was thinking we could do a weekend away for her birthday. I mentioned out previous agreement and reminded her that money will be tight next month.   She said we could still do the day out for mine and then when it comes to hers we could stretch to two nights away. I disagreed because of money and because of the fact it's not really fair for her to get a full weekend away when I just get a day.   I mentioned two nights away will not likely be affordable so we will just do a day out but she said no and thinks I should be fine with her getting a weekend away. I just said if she wants a weekend away then she can pay for it herself but she said I was being unfair.   I just repeated again that we'd agreed on a day out and that a weekend away is unaffordable.   AITB for refusing to go on a weekend away for my girlfriends birthday?
6	adjudicated	NTB	   My skin is breaking out, hair is naturally curly and I've been growing it out of a Brazilian blowout so it looks awful, and I have had eyebags for as long as I can remember no matter how much sleep I get. I'm frequently told I look tired. Today my professor went on a rant about how we need to put effort into our appearance when coming to class. She said we shouldn't have messy hair and look like we rolled out of bed, because it shows we have low self-esteem and reflects on us poorly. I was sitting at the front and there's only 30 of us. It felt very targeted at me. After class I sobbed because I've been so embarrassed of my looks I wanted to skip class before, this just made it worse. Maybe it wasn't directed at me but I decided to speak to her about it and she got upset. I tried to be respectful but I understand that I still may have overreacted. I didn’t try to guilt trip her either.
350	adjudicated	NTB	So I work at a pretty well known retail store and this has just made my day. So my store along with several others in my area have been short staffed lately and so in turn we only had our self checkouts open. Now normally we generally only have our self checkouts open with maybe like one or two manned check lanes open anyways but today we didn't have anyone that we could spare to even do the normal two lanes we have. Well a long line forms behind our self checkouts because for whatever reason everyone decided to go shopping and I'm the self checkout attendant so I'm going between all of the self checkouts assisting with what needs to be done when this rude lady storms up to me and demands that someone open up a lane because she doesn't work at our store so she doesn't feel like she should be at self checkout. I inform her politely that we unfortunately don't have anyone else who can work a lane which is why we have only our self checkout lanes open. At this she told me that I was here perfectly fine and I could open up a checklane to get her through and that this was self checkout so they didn't need someone over here. I told her that isn't how it works and I'm here to help if one of them goes down or eats someone's change or to remove security tags. I did inform her that she could go to the customer service desk on the other end of our store and they could assist in her checkout but other than that I couldn't help.  This lady kept insisting that either I open a lane or get someone else to open a lane as she didn't want to walk to the other end of the store. I ended up contacting my manager who after he came over he told me to just open up a lane and leave self checkout for a minute for this lady. Who of course has a cartful of things. After that though and seeing her walk off with a smirk on her face more people went to the lane before I could close it so I ended up having to juggle a checklane and self checkout by myself for 30 minutes. After that I took my break and spent it crying in the bathroom.  Now come the next day though I confronted the manager about how he treated the whole situation as he should have had my back as the last was verbally abusive towards me. He basically told me that there are battles that you have to pick and chose and with the lady he chose to not argue and ultimately he couldn't have done it as he was busy with other work, though he didn't specify. I told him that he specifically chose to overwork me instead of helping and that because of that I had a breakdown in the bathroom. So I'm wondering if I'm the butt face for confronting one of the managers at my store.
24	adjudicated	INFO	There was this guy (m20) I (f22, then f21) was seeing a while back who was really sweet, but we didn't work out. It wasn't just because of this question - I realized fairly quick that I wasn't actually all that attracted to him, I just liked having someone look at me that way, and I didn't want to string him along so we talked about it and broke up - but this is something that has been bothering me ever since.  So, I call him my ex-boyfriend, but that's not quite accurate. He's actually a system. I don't know the specifics, but I know that the trauma wasn't sexual, and they switch pretty frequently. I refer to him singularly here because that's how he preferred me to.  NOTE: I have BPD, and my perception of these situations aren't usually all that accurate, which is why this has been on my mind.  Anyway, he was very flirty and would make a lot of suggestive jokes, which was fine. I recognize now that, although he definitely made me feel Some Kinda Way, it was more because I was getting the attention I wanted, not because I was genuinely attracted to him, which... Isn't a great feeling, but I know that's on me, not him, and I should've stopped and dug through those feelings before acting on them.  We ended up sleeping together on our second formal date, although we'd hung out a good bit before and had also been messing around over video calls. To be honest, I wasn't happy that every other call ended up turning sexual; I felt like what I was trying to say was being ignored and pushed aside. I knew he had a pretty strong mommy kink, which... Maybe I could've been fine with in different context, but I didn't enjoy being called that, especially considering there were littles in the system that saw me as a caretaker, so it always reminded me of that responsibility. I already know I'm not going to have kids; I'd be a terrible mom. I do want to get married someday and be able to provide for someone, but when we were together, I was unemployed while he had a job and was paying for dates, and it honestly hit me really hard.  I talked to him about the mommy thing, but he kept saying it on accident; he apologized most of the time, but after a while I let it slide. It seemed important to him. He's polyamorous, and I knew he had other partners, so at first I was hoping that one of them could fulfill that role for him if they were interested, but none of them were.  The thing that made me draw the line was when we slept together, and at the end, one of the littles switched in and grabbed my chest. It took less than a minute for him to switch back to front, but it still shook me. I know it's not their fault, I should've been prepared for that just in case, but... I don't want them to see me like that.   We didn't go on any other dates after that. We broke up a couple days later, when I realized what I was actually feeling, and we talked it out.
112	adjudicated	INFO	Me and my boyfriend were chilling on the rooftop of Elon musk's head when he suddenly proposed to me an idea after seeing the Eiffel tower, "I'll let you stack donuts on it" he says with his new york esque accent he developed after getting gout, I reply to him the same words present in your screens right now, "I wouldn't be able to stack cheerios on it, much less donuts" after i uttered those words his eyes widened like a pair of coconuts. It has been hours since then and he hasn't said a word to me, we were supposed to have dinner while submerged in the thames but he suddenly called it off. How do i apologize to him? How do i tell him that the words that left my lips weren't the result of a freudian slip, but that of miscalculated humor.
423	adjudicated	INFO	So my wife (39F) and I (38F) have a friend (35M) who is absolutely hooked on his phone. Looks at it during mealtimes - perhaps my biggest pet peeve - but also just on an ad-hoc basis when socialising with people more generally. He often seems disengaged and not very present as a result.  Meal time, when we invite him over for dinner at ours, is my biggest pet peeve because this behaviour sets a terrible example for our 11 year old daughter.  Recently he was over for dinner, and I joked that I'd have to get him enrolled in Google Family Link. My wife and I have Android phones, as does our daughter, so we use it for our daughter's phone. He happens to have an Android phone as well.  Anyway, he grinned and actually put his phone away for the rest of dinner.  We had him over once again last night. Before we sat down for dinner we were socialising in the loungeroom and it was the same deal: head in his phone despite (technically) being an active participant in our conversation.  I made the same joke again, which got a giggle out of my wife and our daughter. This time, he laughed too - and then said 'Sure, go ahead - I don't think you'll actually do it though'.  The moment he said this my wife was grinning again, because she knew that him saying something like that would goad me into doing it for real.  So I said 'Are you sure? You'll have all of the same rules and restrictions as our daughter'. He snickered at this and said 'Okay!'.  And that was that. I had him go into his Google account settings, and we updated his year of birth so that it was the same year of birth as my daughter. Moments later Google was encouraging him to 'find a parent to help', and several minutes later I had gotten him all set up as a supervised account in Family Link.  To be fair, I was very transparent about what would happen before doing it, and he facilitated it.  Whether this is because he didn't fully consider just what it would mean or not, I don't know. Perhaps he thought it'd be easily bypassed.  He was certainly surprised when he found YouTube Kids had replaced the regular YouTube app, and very surprised when he discovered that our daughter - and now he - has browsing limited to an allow-list of websites.  Ten minutes later, it was dinner time... And I couldn't help but giggle as I watched my wife take her phone out of her pocket, open the Family Link app, and then lock both of their phones.  AITB?
298	adjudicated	YTB	I’m going to try to keep this short. I (33M) am a lawyer, and a commissioned officer in the USAF Reserves. I am friends and drinking buddies with one of my former airmen (31M) who left the military back in 2019. He has made friends with a lot of Iranian-Americans; I’m assuming this is because he, at one point, lived in a neighborhood in California with a rather large concentration of Iranians. He’s taken the time to learn Persian, and it’s jarring and creepy to see his Facebook feed filled with Persian comments from Iranians. As a matter of fact, during one deployment over to the UK, he went out of his way to connect with the local Iranian community, and I made a lot of mental notes about him being too much of a hippy to be in the US military.  Earlier this month, I raised this point to my friend when we went out for the night. He was visibly uncomfortable, but I felt like I needed to press the issue with him because I feel strongly about this whole thing. Finally, he just got up, and he bluntly told me to stop “interrogating” him, and called a taxi back home. The next day, I checked in to his Facebook feed, only to find that he blocked me. AITB?
375	adjudicated	NTB	For some context, I (16f) have a bit of a traumatic experience with rain. When I was 12, I got into a spat with my parents and they kicked me out into 10 °C in nothing but flip-flops, a sleeveless shirt and shorts. It was also heavily raining, I was out for about half an hour. Since then, I don't like rain, not even when I'm inside. I don't usually go around telling people that, I just say I don't like rain.  This happened about 4 hours ago. Two of my friends convinced me to go with them to the city centre, and I agreed to go with them for maybe an hour at most so my parents wouldn't notice my absence. I was with a bike (walking beside it), and when it started to rain more heavily, I put my coat over my basket with my bag so it doesn't get wet. I have some medical stuff in my bag that can't get wet, as well as I just don't want all my notebooks wet and ruined.  While walking, they made passive jokes about my distaste for rain (they both love rain), specifically my request that we find a café where there's a roof to put my bike under, as I wasn't interested in having to dry the seat and basket before I went home. I suggested cafés close by that we can go to. We literally only went to one of them, they didn't like it, and then the two decided to go to a mall café a bit further away.  Instead of waiting for a green light, they went under the road (idk how to call those tunnels), completely oblivious to the fact I couldn't go down the stairs and had to go all around to find the bike path down. We get to the café, when suddenly, they remember there's another café in the underground part of the mall. Again forgetting I have a bike, they just went downstairs, and when I, very frustrated at this point since I was soaking wet, shivering and could barely see through my glasses, said that no, we're not changing our minds now again, they just told me a bike path downstairs is around the corner and left. I then decided enough was enough, I hadn't enjoyed a second of this, I was going home.   I started crying, completely overwhelmed, and then the two came back up to ask me why I hadn't gone down yet. I told them I'm done, we've been walking around in the rain for 30 minutes because they couldn't choose a café, I'm going home. They just looked at me, then smiled, said their goodbyes, like everything was chill, then walked back downstairs. I cried the whole way home (while biking in the rain, still cold and wet), and am now sitting at home writing this.  The thing about this and why I think I was in the wrong, I never out rightly told them I was uncomfortable. I did tell them I didn't enjoy rain but that's it. I've also been told that I always think I'm the only one in the right, and if I think that, I'm probably in the wrong.  I also have no idea how to confront them about it on Monday since they apparently think everything was fine. I don't want to break our friendship over this since this was the first time, but I feel like they owe my an apology.
331	adjudicated	YTB	I have no idea how to do an update so I thought I would do this here instead and hope the people that were interested see it. The police came round the other day and asked me some follow up questions and I showed them the camera footage that I had and they asked what I want out of the situation. I told them that I don’t want any action taken yet and I just wanted a record of it incase anything else happened. I wrote a letter to ND’s mum(M) and had the postman post it for me, the letter was me explaining what had been happening and my concerns and asking if there was anything she could do to prevent anything else happening.   M knocked on an hour ago asked if she could have a quick chat and I went out to talk to her, she was very apologetic as she had no idea any of this was going on. She explained that ND has a lot of learning difficulties as well as OCD, so ND is very anxious about doors, windows and gates being open and he believes that someone will break in if anything is left open. Which makes the constant harassment about closing the gate make sense and I said that we will do our best to keep it closed to not cause him any unnecessary stress.  M said she had no idea that ND had been coming into my garden and looking in through the windows, she apologised and said she will talk to ND and explain boundaries with him so that he understands and she will make sure it doesn’t happen again. She was completely understanding of why I was scared and reacted the way that I did and said if it had been her in the same situation she would of been terrified and called the police straight away so she was very appreciative that I was patience and understanding.  Im very happy with this outcome and hope that nothing else happens. M is a lovely lady and I appreciate her coming to talk, she liked the letter as it reminded her of when she used to send letters to her friends before they passed away. She said even though the letter wasn’t pleasant to read it brought back warm feelings for her. We have agreed that if I ever need to communicate with her then I will write her a letter, so it looks like I have a pen pal now which is sweet.   Thank you to everyone that commented on my last post! Some of the comments really helped me to see things from a different perspective and gave really helpful advice so thank you!
367	adjudicated	NTB	I (16f) attend highschool and college. I also take an AP class. This year has been very stressful with college and a close friend named Christan getting diagnosed with stage 4 lymphoma.  On Halloween i found out my best friends baby sister (who i consider a bonus sister) also has cancer. Christians treatment has gone smoothly and the cancer has shrunk astronomically.  The baby on the other hand has faced many problems from not eating to getting covid. I don't make a big deal of being sad about it but it affects me greatly. Besides those problems i also have diagnosed depression (MDD) and am in the process of getting diagnosed for OCD. My mom has been getting on to me for having Cs alot more recently and even threatned to ground me and take me out of my favorite elective if i didn't get my grades up but i don't know how too explain to her that im trying.  I've always been the perfect child that other kids get compared do but not anymore because I've been too stressed to do anything. Is my mom right and i should just ignore these feelings and move on or should i continue looking out for my mental health?
5	adjudicated	NTB	So I 17NB have a sister 19f who likes to party with friends. Her friend Leah 22F is able to buy alcohol so when they have parties she is usually the one bringing the booze. A few nights ago my sister and Leah went out to a party and Leah bought the booze. That night both Leah and my sister were hammered and my sister thought it would be a smart idea to drive back. Well as happens when your speeding past where a cop sits she and Leah were pulled over where they were breathalyzed and brought in. Leah and her were asked simply questions by the offices who pulled them over where Leah told them she had brought beer and other alcohol to a party full of minors and that my sister was only 19. When asked for someone they could call my sister gave them my number for some reason and they tried to call me. I was asleep and woken up to a very unpleasant ringtone to a number I didn't recognize. I ignored the call and so my parents reserved a call my sister being a minor.y parents let her spend the night in jail and the next day she was angry at me for ignoring the call. I'm not even sure if I am aloud to pick her up being 17 but I'm wondering If I am TB for not picking up
330	adjudicated	NTB	this happened a while ago but has resurfaced as of recent, I 16F (at the time) am a part of a large friend group full of (now) all girls, My friend N (codename), 16F, is a large character in our group and acts as a buffer for a lot of the quieter ones within. N has a habit of acting like the world revolves around her when it doesn't, this bothers a lot of the other girls in the group but for the friendships sake we all tolerate her behavior.  My other friend S, 16M, joined the group for a short amount of time a few months ago. N didn't have a problem with him at all, in fact, she used him and I to get closer to a girl he knows in the year above us - lets call her O. I knew from the very beginning that she was using us but S still believed that she was doing this with no other intentions.  I won't lie and say that I haven't felt annoyed at times with S, he's a louder person and likes to be touchy at times. I'm not a very touchy person and that's no fault of his but I had enough of being clung to and confided in N with that information. She took that as me HATING S. which i don't.  O, N's crush, was a part of a group that S was also in. I didn't like that group because they made S the butt of the joke every time and I could see he didn't like it. N spoke to me for advice on talking to O as i was also a part of that other group at the time, I told her to take everything she says with a pinch of salt as she can have an attitude at times.  N thought it was for the best to complain about S to me, I called her out on it as I didn't approve of her talking badly and insulting my friend to me. Now, I admit I talked about S behind his back but I said nothing bad about him as he is a close friend of mine - all i spoke about was that some of his actions made me uncomfortable at the time.  N said that S made her uncomfortable and that he clung onto her and that she thinks he has a crush on her. (All things that he did to ME.) she wanted ME to talk to him and kick him out of the group, saying that all of the other girls didn't like him either, despite inviting him to their birthday parties and openly talking to him outside of school hours.  I told N to get a grip and that it wasn't my responsibility to kick out my own friend when I wasn't the one who had an issue with him. N talked to S and S was formally kicked out of the group, he felt hurt and betrayed that someone he trusted did that to him. Ever since that happened me and my best friend, E, have been speaking about how much N has changed since she started dating O. Most of which are bad things.  Everything settled down for a few weeks until N told O that S has a crush on her and that its freaking her out, (S has only spoken to N when N spoke to him) might i remind you that S has never liked N in that way. O messaged S and told him that he can't speak to N at all because it makes her uncomfortable even though N has been the one making the effort to speak to him.
148	adjudicated	NTB	So recently my partner came out as trans, again. This has been a reoccurring theme in her life and I know she’s serious, as a trans person myself I’m happy with it! I suggested this time she goes by a different name because I hated the one she used last time, it didn’t suit her so possibly her middle name and she chose to. Later on im texting my friends and my friend tells me “I can’t believe she’s used that name! It’s gross that I’m always gonna have to think of her, because I want to have that as my baby’s name.” This girl isn’t pregnant and infact she’s a lesbian and single so realistically not going to be any time soon. I love my partners name! I told her to just get over it, she doesn’t own a name and she kept repeating how hurt she was that we chose her metaphorical future daughters name and her sisters middle name. I’m not going to tell my girlfriend to change the name she finally likes. We didn’t talk much after that and I always see posts where people say the person who used the name is being spiteful and was just wondering; AITB? 
131	adjudicated	NTB	So I (28F) and my friend J (28M) recently got into a disagreement. A couple months ago he was dating this girl R. J and R had been dating for a year at that point. I had never met her as they were long distance and he usually went to her. In October, him and I both got really drunk and made the stupid mistake of making out. It did not go further than that. We both barely remember it. He told her immediately the next day and she forgave him. I know him and I are both TB for that part. I’ve never been so ashamed of myself or him. A couple weeks later, I found out that although he told her, he did not tell her it was me it happened with and kept texting me and maintaining the friendship. I told him that made me uncomfortable especially because he thinks she we have a problem if she knew. I told him either he tells her, they breakup (he was unsure about that relationship already), or I need to step away because I was so uncomfortable. He didn’t want to tell her so I distanced myself. About a week later they ended up breaking up so we resumed our friendship.   During their time apart him and I got closer and ended up hooking up a couple of times including last week. This week he told me they are likely getting back together this weekend. We talked about if he was going to tell her and he said that’s none of her business if she doesn’t ask and even if she does, she doesn’t need to know it was me and we can still be friends. I clarified with him that if she knew, he thinks she would insist we cut contact. Given the situation, I told him that regardless of if they get back together at this point, I need some space. I communicated many times that I was uncomfortable being friends if his gf was not aware or not okay with it. He argued that it would be cruel to tell her and he and I can maintain a friendship because she wouldn’t know so it wouldn’t hurt her.   It’s too late for him and I to be friends again at this point. Both of us are tired of having this conversation but am I in the wrong here or overreacting? I have made it very clear from the start that I think it’s a bad idea and that I refuse to continue to disrespect R and their relationship like that. I have done enough disrespecting. He doesn’t have to tell her, I get why he wouldn’t want to but I don’t want to participate in a deception that would lead to problems if it ever came to light. It’s not like people aren’t aware we hooked up. A lot of his friends know. This really sucks because he’s one of my best friends but it is what it is.   TLDR: My friend doesn’t want to tell his gf that him and I hooked up while they weren’t together and I told him that made me uncomfortable. Am I wrong for saying I can’t continue friendship if she doesn’t know?
442	adjudicated	NTB	My friend and I like to watch movies. We know what each other are watching, when, and how we feel about it by this movie app we like to use.  We have not seen each other since August because we live an hour from each other and are both short on gas money at the moment.  Back in October he texted me some verbalized disbelief for a recent opinion I had about a newly released movie. He was sort of critical and hostile towards me and my thoughts on it, ending it all with something sort of backhanded, “you’re lucky that I love you.”  Early November my birthday came and passed with not a peep from him.  Middle November comes and like nothing happened he sends me a message about new releases. I entertain it a little. Conversation ends kind of short. Very next day I text him that we should rewatch the very first movie we watched together as a nice little way of having a full circle moment. He replies that he agrees, saying, “I’m down, and you can give it 2 stars or some ridiculous shit.” I don’t respond.  Two weeks go by again and he sends me another message like nothing happened. I play along and end up telling him three movies I’m planning on watching soon. He says we should do one of them together. I agree, but to myself I don’t put a lot of weight on it.  Early december another separate plan falls through.  A few weeks later he texts me as a joke that we should watch a movie that we both know is not receiving good reviews. I joke back that I would rather eat staples. He says, “i mean with your taste i think you’d enjoy it.” I lightly call him out on it and shortly later say it’s okay to like different things. He responds, “that’s what I’m saying, I’m not chastising you for liking what you like.” I feel like he’s chastising me for not liking what *he* likes… I don’t respond.  Most recently, he made a public comment on one of my “reviews” explaining his distaste for my opinion. I deleted it (not then, but since then) so I can’t quote it but I remember, “How you can watch that and give it that score is just AWFUL.” And proceeds to tell me how horrible of a take it is and why, also putting in some claim about how ignorant I was. The next morning he sees that I didn’t publicly react to it and texts me, “i’m sorry if i offended you lol.” I didn’t respond to this text.  A few days ago, he (probably) saw that I watched one of the three films I agreed a month ago we could watch together. I did not intend to be malicious, but I wanted to see this movie and found that we probably weren’t going to see each other soon considering the tension and distance, and figured it was a loose gesture just like the rest of the “plans” seemed to be. He then does this maneuver (which he’s done before on a different social platform) where he unfollows me, and follows me again. I don’t know the thinking behind it; does he unfollow out of anger and then regret it, or is he just trying to get my attention?  AITB?
175	adjudicated	NTB	Ive worked with my boss for about 6 months and hes the best boss Ive ever had. He's the reason why my job gave me a nice raise and he's saved my ass several times when I messed up.   He retires very soon and I asked him about going to his retirement party. Its supposed to be at noon and I was recently put on the 2nd shift, therefore, I really can't make it since it's 3 hours before my shift and I take care of all my errands during that time.  I was thinking about getting him a 75 dollar giftcard for Texas Roadhouse or Applebees since he talks about how him and his wife go out to eat. Im unsure if gifting him a giftcard is appropriate and I dont want to insult him in any type of way.  Should I just find a way to the party? AITB if I decide not to go??
56	adjudicated	NTB	 One  type of holiday I've wanted to do for years is a cruise. I have been  working in my current job for 2 years and there have been a lot of exams  with work to fully qualify. Next year I will finish my last exams so I  thought it was the perfect time to treat myself to a cruise.  My  girlfriend has always said she'd never go on one. She doesn't like the  idea of being out at sea and just said it's not the type of holiday  she'd enjoy. I started looking at cruises available from the UK for next  year to see what my options are.  I  mentioned this to my girlfriend and she asked why I was thinking about a  cruise. I said because she knows I have always wanted to go on one and  that it would be nice to treat myself for finishing exams. She asked  what about our holiday next year. I said we'd still be able to go on one  but it would either be a bit later/earlier than usual and maybe a night  or two shorter.  I mentioned that  she's welcome to join me on the cruise but she refused. She said it's  not fair that our holiday has to suffer just so I can go away. I pointed  out it's a one off to celebrate my achievement and that it's not going  to be a regular thing. She just said that our holiday shouldn't be any  shorter and that I'm wrong for prioritising the cruise.  AITB for planning to go on a cruise?
343	adjudicated	NTB	 As some background: my ex and I got pregnant about a year and a half into our relationship. I already had a decent savings, but I saved up to 15k while I was pregnant just to have some cushion because I planned on being a stay-at-home mom. Things ended between him and I around the time our child was 5 months old due to domestic violence. It was a very scary and traumatic time, but over the last 2 years he pursued therapy and he seems to be doing better now and our kid is happy to see him.   &amp;#x200B;  My parents opened up their home to me and when I first moved in I mentioned needing to find a job so I could contribute and they told me it wouldn't be necessary and they wanted me to be a stay-at-home mom for my child because it was important for us to bond. So, I pursued therapy so I could work through the traumatic breakup, worked a very small work-from-home part-time gig for my parents (it relates to the career path I want to be on), and enjoyed being a stay-at-home mom. I've been using my savings to provide for my child. The only things I don't pay for are utilities, garbage, and rent. I've checked in multiple times over the last two years and every time they tell me they're happy to help &amp; to not worry about it. My kiddo is now 2.5 years old and I only have 3k\~ in my savings which is the lowest it's been in probably a decade. So, I decided this was going to be the year to apply for pre-school scholarships or send her to a low-cost daycare. I got the scholarship accepted for my kiddo and preschool starts next week. I plan to work a bit more (not full-time, but enough to replenish my savings) and finish my degree.  &amp;#x200B;  I honestly have been hung up on low-cost daycares because a man I used to go study with in college was working in a state-funded daycare and he followed a ton of porn accounts on Instagram of My Little Pony, so that + following people with families... Like, the dude is watching MLP porn and then a family photo pops up next on his feed? Isn't that how people get desensitized to new fetishes? Maybe it's my anxiety talking and I'm being judgmental, but I did not want my child to be anywhere near a person who could just simply get some easily attainable certifications and be watching my kid when he has a ton of children-show porn popping up on his Instagram feed. And the average cost of daycare in my area is anywhere between 2k-4k a month. I wouldn't be able to afford it.  &amp;#x200B;  But my mom was just talking to me and said how my aunt thinks I should have thrown my kid into daycare sooner and worked full-time. And my mom was telling me "she's so hard on you when we talk, but I just don't think I could do that to you," My aunt's comment bothers me a little but I do appreciate the honesty (though she has never actually talked to me about it).  &amp;#x200B;  So, I don't know. I feel weird lol. I'm just curious what others would say though.
283	adjudicated	NTB	A few nights ago my (25m) boyfriend (25m) met this homeless man who was about our age while he was out with a friend (i stayed hoke because i had a tummy ache). My boyfriend bemng an extremely empathetic dude immediately offers him our couch, THEN asks me about it. to which I respond “ABSOLUTELY NOT” because I do not know this person and this made my boyfriend sad. He said “but i already offered him a place to stay…” and i basically responded with “too bad I don’t feel comfortable letting a stranger in my home over night.”  Our friend he was out with ended up letting him stay with her and her husband for the night and i went over to hang out because by that time I was feeling better.  The guy ended up being super chill and understood why I was acting so cagey, but then he started making all these claims about how he’s got a warrant in a neighboring state for a hit and run felony. It felt like he was bragging about it, and told us he was on the run but nobody got hurt so its okay.  After we got home my boyfriend told me he was disappointed I wouldn’t let him stay the night, and that i should try and be more empathetic to those in need.  I brought up how he was bragging about being a felon but he said “theres no way you could’ve known that when you said no.”  The next day I get a call from my friends saying that he not only stole their xbox and PlayStation and dipped but he also ate all of the food in the fridge leaving wrappers and crumbs everywhere and was gone before morning. My boyfriend admitted it was good that I said no but he was still disappointed in my lack of empathy for a stranger.  Am I the buttface here?  Update: we talked about it and he apologized for being “pigheaded” about it.  And despite what people are saying, I am not breaking up with him because he is very good to me and he did listen when I said no. He admitted that he felt stupid and the reason he got upset is because he doesn’t like feeling stupid because he’s been made to feel that way his entire life. This is something he’s been working on with therapy. Also the homeless guy sent me a friend request on facebook and asked for “50 bucks” so I sent him exactly fifty pictures of male deer, I found on google images.
338	adjudicated	YTB	My girlfriend and I enjoy going to pub quizzes at a specific bar. Sometimes the quizzes are for something my girlfriend has an interest in but I don't and vice versa. There was one quiz that I was really excited about and was looking forward to for weeks.  It came to the night of the quiz and we got there early and had a couple of drinks. The seating for the bar is fairly long benches meant to seat 8 people so we had a lot of space on ours. The quiz was sold out which meant people joined out table since the bar was full. After3 questions of the quiz my girlfriend stands up and says she can't stay there and that we need to go.   I ask why and she said she doesn't like how busy it is so we leave. She then asks if I'm annoyed and I say of course I am since she knew how much I was looking forward to it and left before it had even properly began. She then said she can't help being anxious but I pointed out she doesn't seem to get anxious being around a lot of people when it's for something she wants to do since she's been to a lot of concerts last year and other busy events.   She said that's not fair and said we could go again but I just pointed out that most of that bars quizzes are getting sold out so I'm not going to go to another one to just have a repeat of this one. She accused me of being uncaring but I just said it seems convenient that her anxiety plays up when it's an event I want but doesn't affect her at all when it's something she wants.  AITB for being disappointed/annoyed at leaving an event early?
140	adjudicated	NTB	When my girlfriend and I got together one of the initial things we discussed were children. We both wanted two children in the future. We said we'd likely look to start a family when my girlfriend is in her early 30s (She was 22 when we discussed this and is 24 now, I am 27 now).   Since then we've been on a few holidays abroad and there's a long list of places we want to visit and there's a lot I want to experience. Obviously with work and money, we can't really do a lot of it each year. We're managing between 1 and 2 trips abroad each year (we live in the UK).  Recently I've been thinking about everything we said we want to do and experience and to tick everything off the list it will take a long time. Having children will massively hinder that as we'll obviously have a lot less free time and when the children start to get older, our holidays will be more family focused.   That doesn't seem as appealing to me as it did originally and I'd rather go down the list of places I want to vist and see as much of the world as possible. I told my girlfriend I wanted to talk and she asked what it was about.   I told her I on longer think I wanted children and told her the reasons mentioned above. She asked if I was sure and I said while I'm not 100% certain, I am still pretty sure. She then asked what it meant for us and I said that obviously I'd love to do everything together but I know she wants children so it might mean it is the end for us.   She accused me of stringing her along and lying to her from the start about wanting children and trying to pressure her to stay and give up on the idea of having children which isn't true. She just kept repeating that I have been stringing her along and expecting her to give up on wanting children.   AITB for changing my mind about wanting children?
95	adjudicated	YTB	Bit of a long post and I'm horrible at writing texts, so here goes.  I've had a friend (23F) for years now, a really fun person to hang with, we're fwb and we chat nearly every single day. Our friendship has been mostly spotless except for one single sore spot; I always felt like she doesn't trust me. I didn't mind it at first as the friendship was new, but as the years went by it started to slowly bother me more and more.  Now don't get me wrong, I've gone above and beyond forher. I've helped her (and outright paid) for some of her bills when she needed it, been there for her many times and we do A LOT of things together, but...  Everything I ask of her, either out of curiosity or more importance is often met with a "Nah/No/Can't say". Oftentimes, very irrelevant information such as "Oh cool where is this new person from?" or "What were you up to today?" which she often refuses to share or do so as vaguely as possible. Often, it felt as if even the simplest of things I had to pressure and question out of her.  It's gotten to a point where it's just absolutely confusing. She refuses to send me any n\*des whatsoever (her right, I get it) which I find funny considering how often I've seen her naked (completely disregarding the fact she told me she'd sent random strangers nudes before). Hell, the only reason I know where she lives and her full name is because I offered to pay an outstanding bill for her.  Add to the confusion, she has confessed to me that she has a crush on me many times for nearly 2 years now, but I simply cannot date someone that acts like they don't trust me. All of this would sometimes turn into small arguments where she'd give someone the answer, but with me it was always a "Nah...". She also insists that she does trust me and has gotten upset before over me thinking otherwise.  Cut to today, I was fixing something bank-related for her, and I was asked a security question; "Name of childhood best friend". So naturally, I asked her the answer and she simply would not answer. This is me, fixing and shelling out money to cover something for her, with her ACCOUNT, ACCOUNT NUMBER and PASSWORD, full control of her account as is, and she simply doesn't want to tell me the answer.  This leads to me asking her what possible reason can she have for doing this now, and she said "If I say it, it's gonna sound bad". So I insisted that she did and her answer was; "I trust too easy so I'm basically trying to fix that and you're my practice in a way". That felt like a massive punch to the face. I've been nothing short of the best friend I can possibly be to someone and that answer just made me feel used.  So I just told her to go f\* herself and stormed off. She tried talking to me but I just turned off my phone. No matter how hard I try to rationalize this, it just feels like completely selfish of her considering I've voiced MANY TIMES that her acting that way made me feel shitty. AITB?  Edit: so people don't die on this hill; we made plenty of s\*x videos, I only added the n\*des part to exemplify how weird her boundaries with me are.
463	adjudicated	NTB	I'll keep it as short as possible and simple. I'm 23 years old, the youngest of three siblings and autistic. The last bit matters because of it I'm not good with unexpected things or new people- and noise.  My older brother (mid 30s, the middle one) has a female coworker. I don't know her, and she is loud. Really loud.   So last christmas he decided to bring her to our small home, and could not come out from my room (the door to my back then room is just there in the living room- as I said, its a really small house) because I was nervous of this unexpected guest- and also was in the break of a meltdown bc of the noise. Not even earbuds helped it.  So now, since I don't have him in my contacts, I asked my mom if she could ask him is he is going to bring her, so I could be prepared. She had no problems asking and knows my issues.  Well, they kept talking, and he got mad and said he can just not come, just go to the house to drop off his gifts for his sons, who are coming too. This was not my intention at all, and now feel guilty.   I feel like I overstepped and was dramatic about just a person. Like I'm expecting everyone to cater for my needs. And really need to know if I'm in the wrong.
14	adjudicated	NTB	My boyfriend has 2 dogs that live with him in his apartment. He lives in an old building and his apartment doesn't have any kind of garden or outside place where his dogs' can stay safely while he is at work.   He usually works from early in the morning till 7pm so he leaves the dogs alone inside the house for at least 8 to 9 hours daily. Since the dogs spend their entire day inside the apartment they have learned to pee and sometimes poo in all different rooms, the kitchen, the studio, the bathroom, the hallway, even his bedroom sometimes.   However, that's not the problem, the problem is the fact that he doesn't immediately clean the pee and most times days go by and pee just piles up in corners of the house. He doesn't even use the pads to absorb the pee and then throw them away.And with time, the place smells really bad inside, and I worry for bacteria in the environment.   I tried to help him by cleaning the pee but after almost a year I was the one doing more of the cleaning even in his own house cuz he would refuse to clean it or he would postpone it, he says he doesn't care about that and that his health is ok and that I am making a huge fuzz about it. I cannot even visit him at his place because it would be very smelly and dirty and I cannot stand it anymore.   I am hurt by the fact that he doesn't realize that there are better ways to deal with the pee and that it's very important to me to solve it because we wanna move in together at some point and I just won't be able to live in a dirty house or be the only one cleaning... For background, my mom didn't let me go out play before my room was cleaned and organized and I really value cleanliness ... But I never had a pet when growing up cuz my mom didn't like how dirty animals can be so idk if this is ok or not.   Again there's  pee sitting there in at least 2 spots of the apartment at all times and if I don't clean it he won't either and it would just sit there for days....Am I the butt face for getting tired of cleaning the pee everytime and getting angry at him for not being able to clean it himself?   P.s. When I tell him that I don't like it when he doesn't clean the pee or plan a solution to it, he tells me that I criticize him too hard,that I see him with disgust, and that I don't understand how his work is getting the better of him and he is too exhausted to clean after the dogs every day. So AITBF?
16	adjudicated	NTB	My parents have never been in love. My mother, Brenda, has even openly admitted this to me. Brenda had a kid when she was 19, then had my brother and I with my dad. My sister loved me as a baby but left after due to getting kicked out by Brenda. I got to meet my older sister when I was 9. I try to visit them as much as I can but it's hard since they live a couple of hours away.  I can only recall one time I had ever seen my parents kiss, it was in their wedding photos. I remember hearing them scream at each other when they thought I was asleep and I remember my mom crying a lot.  Brenda had side boyfriends throughout their 20 year long relationship. And one of them ended up sticking. Jeff. Jeff was someone who was silly on the outside but high key scary in reality.  Brenda moved out of the house in 2020, but had already been dating Jeff for a couple of years. At this point, I thought it was for the better. Then things started turning for the worse.  Brenda would always try to guilt trip me and say that my dad "abused" her when I know he didn't. She would blatantly lie, he would even show me proof to defend himself. This is when my opinion on her started changing. She started to spiral when I was 12. I was the one bringing her soup when she was sick. Then she lost her job.  She would come over to my dad's (50/50 custody, we switched every week.) and yell, cry, beg, for more money. Every week it was more money. This put my dad in a really hard spot because he was also having troubles with his job. So, at this point, we have Brenda who was going homeless, my dad who was losing his job, me with undiagnosed adhd, and my brother with undiagnosed severe depression. Brenda knew the code to our house so she would just let herself in whenever she wanted and would take whatever she wanted because "technically it's still my house since I paid 60 percent" In my opinion, you don't live there, it's not yours.  Once I hit 13, everything just went to hell. my brother was sent to a hospital my sister went no contact, I was full time with my dad. Brenda lost her house and had to live with us; she didn't want her mom to know what was happening. She made my home a mess and refused to get a job, she would sleep on the couch and literally do nothing.  She started asking for more money from my dad (new job that paid about half of what he used to make) and would be furious when he said no. One day, for the reason of her EX HUSBAND "not paying attention to her" she hit his car with a hammer. Then my dad kicked her out, and took legal action because she wouldn't leave us alone.  I forgot to mention that my entire life she would leave remarks about me being too fat or looking ugly and she made my mental health bad.  She got an expensive lawyer paying for it using MY COLLEGE FUNDS and sued. She would harass me via email, gaslight me, and make me feel unsafe showing up to my school unannounced, so i got a restraining order. Brenda is no longer part of my family.
221	adjudicated	YTB	This is such a small dispute but I genuinely don't know if I was in the right or not. Me and a couple of my friends were hanging out, and every time I laugh she decided to mock my laugh and make like a bird sound saying why do I laugh like that, which was funny the first few times but then I told her to stop. She continued doing it and I told her multiple times I was being serious and I was over it, and she did it again so I shoved her over and knocked down her drink, it spilled all over.  I kinda felt bad but I feel like she was asking for it, but I also feel like you shouldn't hurt your friends and break that trust that you build with those people. She was really pissed about it and all. AITBF?
224	adjudicated	INFO	  English isn't my first language so apologies for that... My daughter is not doing anything in her life at the moment she is unemployed and not in education she will turn 20 this year. Growing up she was very difficult I've had many teachers and people tell me this. She was crying to go to school and she always had difficulty of mixing with other people. She was often left out. And very sensitive I always would attend school when she was bullied to complain. She is financially reliant on both me and husband. She honestly hasn't changed in the past few years she still fries a lot and throws tantrums and has outbursts but it has sort of subsided now. I always allocate a day for her to take her around town.   She was meant to start uni at 18. But she lied to me and her dad. That she was starting later. Here I was getting cues that she has anxiety of going there alone. She wasn't very happy with the two years she had at sixth form, infact she barely attended and took advantage that it was mostly online at the beginning and would tell us that the teachers hasn't came or it's online today. Until we had a massive meeting with the teachers about her 50% attendance. She felt alone and unable to make friends. But she did have this one friend who she went out with a few times along with other people.  I started making jokes to her that she should take our cat with her to uni, as a silly joke and she'd have a outburst about this. One day she was forcefully asking me where she thinks this girl that was a few years older than her was going (because she recollected seeing her). I said probably a friend's house and she threw a tantrum lasting months constantly seeking validation about not having friends or why I had to assume she visited her friend excetra. I told her everyone has friends.   Now it is February and she hasn't started uni last September and I honestly kept encouraging her to start and she could make new friends but shes blaming me for belittling her and making her feel insecure and I push her over the edge , therefore she didn't start last year either. She actually started therapy late last year and is doing better slowly.
418	adjudicated	YTB	I’m kind of caught up in this weird family drama right now. Back in September this year, I (29m) married my love. My wife (29f) is Korean, and her grandparents are very kind, loving people. My wife is very, very close with them. Unfortunately, my grandmother-in-law (GIL) still suffers from the psychological impacts of the unrest in her country during the 20th century. When GIL was very young, she was separated from her own mother, and they never saw each other again.  Back in 2018, my wife (girlfriend at that time) and I vacationed in Seoul, and we stayed over at my wife’s grandparents’ home. I was shocked to discover that GIL still cries in her sleep, and she has accidentally woken me up several times with the noise of her crying. I suffered secondhand embarrassment for her, to be honest.  So right now, my grandparents-in-law are visiting our city for the holidays. While we were all figuring out the living arrangements for my in-laws’ stay in America, I got into a small fight with my wife. Basically, I don’t want her grandparents to stay at our house because of GIL’s mental issues. My wife was heartbroken about my stance, and she lied to her grandparents, telling them that they have to stay at a hotel because our house has a mouse infestation (it doesn’t). Her grandparents are unaware of the true reason for why I’m not letting them stay at our house.
258	adjudicated	NTB	I live with my girlfriend and in a few weeks she's going away with work for the weekend. I had already mentioned to my best friend about meeting up next month for a catch up and he messaged saying a few of his friends are going out on the same night my girlfriend is away so I thought it was ideal.   My friend lives in the town over from me so I stay on his sofa whenever I meet him for drinks in his town and he does the same when he comes to my town. The friends were a mixed gender group so including me and my friend, there will be 3 guys and 2 girls.   The plan was just to meet in town for drinks and go on a bar crawl since there are a few good bars in the town my friend lives. I mentioned my plans to my girlfriend and she asked who was going. I told her and she got annoyed. She said she finds it weird that I'm going drinking with other women when she's away for the weekend.   I mentioned that they were mutual friends and I've known them for years and that it's not like I planned it for that weekend, it was just a coincidence. She said it's still weird and I should have declined the invitation. I just asked what she thinks I should be doing when she's away and she just said not drinking with other women.   I just repeated that they were friends and I'm going because it'll be nice to catch up and better than sitting in the apartment on my own. She just said I was disrespecting her but I said it's not disrespectful to go out for drinks with friends and she just repeated that I should be cancelling.   AITB for planning to go for drinks with friends when my girlfriend is away?
321	adjudicated	NTB	I 16 male and my friend 15 male hangout whenever I come to visit I came to town because I was attending a funeral and I was hoping he could lift my spirts. But when I got there he was more tense than usual but I dismissed it as stress so where having fun playing games and going to bass pro shop but I digress I did spill my drink once and I cleaned did immediately and he didn’t have a problem but when I was 20 minutes down the road when he called he started yelling at me saying I was a cvnt and a dÿke because his couch cushion was out of its spot saying I trashed his house and that I deserved to die I think he was overreacting but what do you thin aitb
371	adjudicated	YTB	 I (F19) live alone in quite a large city. I was coming home from work in the dark and sprinting to catch a bus before I was stopped by a guy on the street who got in my face and started demanding money saying he had to catch a bus to see his ex-wife who was sick. I had actually seen this guy before a year before when he tried to get money off a friend of mine with the exact same story and he was a pretty well known scam artist who goes after tourists. This is a big problem in my area and I had been robbed previously and had heard stories of these scam artists becoming aggressive when refused. He wasn't giving me space to move around him or a speak so without even thinking I quickly signed "i'm deaf" and ran to the bus station while he was confused. However now that i'm home safe i'm conflicted as in any other case i would know without a doubt pretending to have a disability is horrific, ATIA? If so, is there any way to make this right? 
37	adjudicated	NTB	I (22m) recently met this friend through a mutual, probably back in September of 2023.  The first term we hung out a lot and we talk almost everyday.  Although along the way and especially recently I've gotten very bad vibes from him.  He has a way of treating me that I really dislike, but I feel like I can't confront him because he's super nice and generous with money to our friend group.  He'll always try to pay when we go out, and I make sure I chip in my fair share but I know he's a generous guy.  However, he has a habit of ghosting and flaking specifically me which I feel a type of way about.  It started on New year's when he agreed to hangout at 9 with me.  When the time came around I went to our hangout and waited 45 minutes, calling and texting to nothingness until I left and went to bed upset.  And he's so unapologetic after he does this, he acts like we didn't even have plans.  It's bizarre to have a friend who's so nice and kind but has this disrespectful habit.  AITB for starting to not like him?
178	adjudicated	NTB	My(23M) GF(23F) told me out of the blue her ideal preference in men, basically she wanted a rich tall strong guy who owns an expensive car and lives in a big house and can provide for her. I don't fully fit her standards and thought of that as either her just trying to get a rise out of me or she wants me to fit these goals asap. She then asked me what was my type of woman and my answer was her, even though I gave my honest answer she still asked me the question over and over until she gave up and asked what kind of girl would I have dated if we never met, I described her but she got annoyed and told me I was lying to her, I even told her I would date anyone who liked me and she kept on nagging  After she nagged me to tell her my type, I gave up and told her I was into tall assertive, physically strong, smart girls with motherly vibes who can join in on my hobbies and we can just have fun together, like I want someone to love but I also want a best friend. for some reason my answer angered her she went on a whole rant about why we should break up because she doesn't fit my standards or she can't do any of them. she went to rant to her friends, they told her I was a disgusting pig and my preferences are more suited for trans women, I made a dumb move and told my GF I don't mind dating a trans a lot of them seem cool as heck. she exploded accusing me of being gay and hiding my homosexuality by dating her. I don't understand anything  so long story short my gf is mad about my tastes in women and thinks a break up is for the best.
177	adjudicated	YTB	I (40M) am a manager in an office of around a couple dozen employees. Recently we brought on a new employee "Stacy" (22F) fresh out of college for an entry level position. Her credentials were solid, she was professional in her interview, and so far we've had no issues working with her.  Just yesterday, I received an anonymous email tipping me off about Stacy's social media accounts and posts. The email had links to her Facebook, Instagram, and Tiktok accounts, all of which I went through. About half of her posts are bashing men, ranting about how selfish, toxic, and entitled men are, how she supposedly had to work twice as hard to get to her position as men, and how any woman she knows can do the job of her male colleagues better.  I was pretty angry and disappointed after I saw her posts. We had developed a good working relationship up to this point so I was blindsided to find out that she felt this way about myself and her male colleagues as well as held such misandrist views. I'm seriously thinking about firing her after seeing all her posts. My impression of her now is definitely a lot worse than it was previously and I know I'll always have this in the back of my mind when working with her going forward. It also might only be a matter of time before the guys in the office see her posts as well which can cause drama and resentment in the office. Things would be a lot easier if I just let her go right now rather than letting things escalate. I am a little hesitant though because she is honestly qualified for the position and she clearly didn't mean for any of the posts to be seen by those she has a professional relationship with.  WIBTB for firing her?  Edit: grammar
261	adjudicated	NTB	Every time we get pizza my close friend always goes out of her way to snark on how I like to order cheese pizza. She will say how boring cheese pizza is, make fun of the fact I don’t like any toppings, she always has to say *something*. She has been doing this for years. I can’t tell if it is just ribbing me (which we don't do with each other) or if she is being cruel. Honestly I don’t think it is either, I just think she is being a brat. I used to say something back like “cheese pizza is delicious wdym” but now I just ignore her because she is relentless in her opinion.  But we are now 40 years old and I am tired of hearing the same comments over and over. I don’t say anything about her food preferences and with her choices she has really no right to criticize me. This is a girl who ran away from an Italian restaurant on my birthday because she didn’t like anything on the menu. So yeah, I am just tired of it. I am at the point where I want to tell her off. So WIBTB if I told my friend to stop, but in a less aggressive way? I just want her to shut up. We get it, you think cheese pizza is lame and boring.
184	adjudicated	NTB	    Hi, I am a 26-year-old woman. This will be a long tale to tell so, bare with me. Tax season is important this year. My son and I have been struggling to live paycheck to paycheck for half a year. We managed to get some help and live. But, there was an issue regarding an inheritance...      The inheritance was to my late grandmother who passed away a year ago. My grandmother had some "values"which clash with me as I got older. She did have an account left in my name. With the verbal promise if I graduate college I could get the money. Now, present-day distribution of the inheritance.       You know how most say important life events like a funeral bring out the worst in people. Well, It did on my mom's side...like worse than what was expected. My mom kept a secret account to herself. While my mom pushed me to split the inheritance for two other siblings. Even more so, her brother was pushing her to cough up it faster. He would later cut everyone off and give bullshit excuses why.       At the time, I was focused on my son and new job position and building our lives. I didn't want to be involved in the will and I never wanted to be a part of it. I could be honest I don't even agree I didn't deserve the money due to our relationship. I did question one time why didn't I get any part of it when it was under my name. My mom would yell at me saying "You never graduate college, you don't have any right to it." This breaks my heart because I tried so hard to graduate school and failed. At the time too, we live with her rent-free and I just stay quiet even to keep my son away from the drama. I comply to do what she asks and hope to never think about this again.       Current time, I owe almost 4k in taxes to an inheritance that I never use a single penny of. The whole week I was crying, you want to know my mom side reaction. My aunt thought I shouldn't mind the heat even when my mom did favors for me. This was the time I thought I was getting 1.6K hit on me. My mom was in disbelief that I shouldn't have been hit hard even for money I never used. Even try telling me to amend my taxes and never file it. Though I'm not stupid and I know that is literally tax fraud. I told all my friends this story and they literally say I need to cut off all of them.        I didn't want anything to mess up my son and my livelihood. I told Mom to get the account out for my name even before her mother passed away. That I didn't want the money even with our relationship. I wasn't involved around the will even when they specifically requested no grandchild be involved. I even agree out of the things the money should have all gone to my mom since she took care of her until she died of dementia. I stuck up for her even with the BS they spew only to be hurt by her too. The only relief was my dad having no tolerance for it. He was going to have a chat with my mom calling bs for everything. My dad had my back but my mom didn't.
193	adjudicated	NTB	I (96M) have been living with my wife, in-laws, daughter and grandson (9M) in a single house for decades now. Due to depression and illness, I've never gotten out of bed in 20 years and neither have my wife or in-laws. This obviously necessitates bedpans and sponge baths. My daughter and grandson have been working low-paying jobs to support our family of six, which means our diet consists mainly of cabbage soup.  As you all know, famous chocolatier Willy Wonka has been running the golden ticket contest promising a lifetime supply of chocolate. My grandson loves chocolate but rarely gets to have it because we're poor. I decided to use my tobacco money to buy him a chocolate bar, which unfortunately didn't have a ticket.   Yesterday afternoon, however, my grandson came home with the last golden ticket! I was no longer depressed or bedridden, so I jumped out of bed, started dancing and asked my grandson to take me to the factory with him. Instead of saying yes, he, his mom and even my wife and in-laws got angry and started yelling at me for "pretending to be bedridden" for 20 years while my family starved.   Long-story short, my grandson went to the factory with his mom while I was made to work in her place. Additionally, my grandson has inherited Willy Wonka's chocolate factory and everyone in my family is allowed to move in except me, who has been served with divorce papers and an eviction notice. All because I was depressed in bed for 20 years. Am I the buttface?
420	adjudicated	NTB	For a quick context, my boyfriend and I have been planning and preparing for him to come live with me and my parents. This has been going on for several months. I have been talking with my parents, my psychoanalyst, and saving some money so he can have some while looking for a job. The reasons for him leaving his house were basically his parents, who are homophobic; they really don't let him be himself, and they forced him to study something he didn't want to. Yesterday, he was told by his parents that they would change and let him study what he wanted to, almost magically. He decided to stay there, and I kind of feel betrayed/abandoned. Don't get me wrong, I understand this is the best-case scenario for him, having economic stability and studying what he loves. Despite this, I still feel betrayed by him turning his back on me. I am specifically angry with the whole situation, not necessarily with him. So, should I just stop being selfish and try to overcome these feelings, or do I have a right to be angry, and if so, how can I overcome them? I really want to be with him on this journey. Thanks for reading to the end, and sorry for any grammar/spelling mistakes, English isn't my first language c:
200	adjudicated	NTB	So I formed a study group with some other people in one of my college classes at the beginning of the semester. About a week ago, we had our first midterm and just received our grades for it, and it turns out I did significantly better than the rest of the group (I got a 94, they got scores in the 80s and 70s). While I'm thrilled with my score since I was actually expecting it to be a few points lower, I also feel a little guilty knowing that everyone else in group didn't do as well.  When the other people in the group asked me about my grade, I decided to downplay my grade and told them I scored lower than I actually did - I just subtracted 10 from my score in my head and told them I got an 84. My reasoning was that I didn't want to make anyone feel bad or create any tension within the group, since they are typically very conscious about their grades and want to do well, and I feel like they would be jealous and resentful of me if they knew I was doing better than them.   This issue isn't just with the exams. Since the beginning of the semester, I was doing better on the homework assignments in the class and telling them I got lower scores than what I actually got. I really just wanted them to feel that we were all in the same boat and on the same level so we wouldn't get competitive with each other. I don't like competition.   I feel like I may be a buttface in this scenario but for understandable reasons. I am posting because I am curious if anyone else agrees or not that I may be a buttface, or if it really doesn't matter in the long run and I am overthinking all of this.      I mean, they may never find out that I wasn't being honest with them and I could get away with it, but I doubt that would change the fact that it's kind of toxic and manipulative. But at the same time, it feels like a no-win situation because they would most likely still hate me if they knew I was getting better grades than them.      AITB? How should I approach this?
130	adjudicated	YTB	AITB My BFFs boyfriend cheated on her and didn’t tell her. But I knew it.  2 years ago on my birthday I went partying with my best friend. The day after another friend called me to ask if I Laura (my BFF) is at my place and if „he already told her“. I didn’t know what she ment with that. On the phone she told me that Laura’s Boyfriend, Lucas cheated on her last night. She knew that because Lucas called her boyfriend and told him, with all the details. They did not have actual intercourse but he got a blowjob and spend the night with another girl whilst his girlfriend slept at my place. Well here is the thing where I‘m wondering if I am the asshole… I waited for Lucas to tell Laura. About 1,5 months passed by. Lucas didn’t tell Laura that he cheated on her, although a lot of friends adivised him to tell her. As a bestfriend I felt bad knewing that Laura got cheated on but I did not want to cause any drama or interfere into there relationship, but I really felt bad and sorry for my friend. My at the time kinda boyfriend is a friend of Lucas and I asked him for advice on  what he would have done and I told him that I actually would really tell Laura because yeah I felt that‘s what you expect from friends, honesty and loyalty, I guess. Well he kinda took that wrong and told Lucas that I want him to tell Lisa. As I noticed that there was this misunderstanding I immediately texted him, that this is not what I want or what I expect him to do. I tried to explain to him how I felt bad for knowing and not telling. She was my bestfriend for 12 years at the time and we spent every day together, we had no secrets but I kept the secret that he cheated on her because I did not want to interfere. Well, Lucas showed up right away at my house and ask Laura to come outside to talk. He told her. He told her that I forced him to do this. Since then we rarely see each other. About once every 6 months. I miss her, I still feel heartbroken. There is a lot more to tell on some occasions afterwards but I really really do want to know what you would have done in this kind of situation. Would you tell her.   Also sorry for my englisch as you notice, it’s not my mothertongue.  Thanks for your opinions guys!
317	adjudicated	NTB	I'm a teenager so this could be chalked up to me just being immature and not listening to my mum but this has been itching at me and I wanted to share.  &amp;#x200B;  Me (16F) and my mum (42F) got into an argument, this is what happened  &amp;#x200B;  I was sitting in my room drawing at my desk, wearing a sports bra that went down to my stomach and pj pants that went to my ankles when my sister, charlie (9) (fake name obviously) banged on my door, conversation went as follows:  &amp;#x200B;  Sister: "Isabella! (fake name for me) my friend wants to see your room!"   Me: "No Charlie now's not a good time" ( I didn't think I was dressed appropriately to have a random little girl i dont know come into my room)  Sister: \*no reply\*  Me: "Charlie? I said no!"  I then heard her turning the door handle (I got my lock taken away by my mum a couple days prior) and the sound of the door opening, I screamed at her, "NO GET OUT" but she still tried walking into my room so i quickly got up and shoved the door closed in her face.   A couple minutes later I decided to send a text to my mum explaining what happened in case my sister tried to get me in trouble again, the conversation over text went as follows:  Me: "I just yelled at Charlie for trying to get into my room while im basically half naked with a random little girl, sorry for yellin"  Mum: "Why were you half naked in your room?"  Me: "It's my room..? and the door was closed?"  Mum: "You should never be naked in your room, you need to always be ready to have someone walk in."   Me: "I wasn't naked plus im not a open house i dont want to always be modest?"  Mum: "Its just a little suspicious you're naked in your room with the door closed, are you on ft with your boyfriend while like that?" continues in pt.2
429	adjudicated	NTB	So one time in 4th grade, we were writing letters to Santa (because yk, it was holiday season) and I decided to use the opportunity to write a love letter to my crush because we were writing letters anyway, so I figured the teacher wouldn’t notice. So when I finished my letter to Santa, I wrote a letter to my crush. Turns out, I handed in the letter to Santa and the love note in the wrong places because my teacher made me stay during recess, sat me down, showed me the love note, and confessed that he had feelings for me too. Then I told my parents about it and he mysteriously disappeared that school year (I saw his face on the news though). Anyways, his son managed to find me somehow and asked me if I’m happy with what I did because I got him fired so Reddit AITA??
249	adjudicated	NTB	There’s going to be a lot of context and I’m on mobile so forgive me.   So I (26F) used to work at my local coffee shop for about two years. A year into it me and another coworker ‘Ashley’ (24F) began dating and I left the shop a few weeks later for unrelated reasons (wanted to focus on getting my teaching credential.) It was casual because she has a long term partner she’s been seeing for six years and they both wanted to try polyamory/opening the relationship, I’ve never done it but said I was open to it. So I dated her, not her partner but we were friends. Our coworkers also knew we were dating.   Long story short we dated for four months and she began to say she was falling in love with me. She would get upset if I wouldn’t come to her place to help set up/cook for parties or take care of her if she was ill/had a UTI (despite living with her long term partner who could do that.) We broke up when she came over to my place unannounced and me and her had a talk and she admitted she wanted more and I said I couldn’t give that to her. I assumed it was mutual but one of our mutual coworkers 23F ‘Jan’ inserted herself and texted me saying I was awful and a “queerbaiter” I’m not, I’ve been proudly bisexual since I was 15.   I blocked Jan after saying this relationship didn’t involve her and I was hurt she even chose sides because I was under the assumption we were all friends.   Ashley is letting Jan and her girlfriend (also 23F) stay at her place now since they got kicked out of their last residence. I had been visiting the coffee shop regularly since it’s walking distance from my home and I got a gift card for Christmas along with an ex employee discount. Thankfully I don’t run into my ex that much and the roommate rarely, I say hello to everyone and tip/catch up. No one has a set schedule so I’m never sure who’s working what day.   Anyways, today me and a friend (26M) went there since we were going downtown to shop. When I got there, Jan made our drinks badly on purpose and confronted me, saying I “have a lot of nerve to show my face and that I should be ashamed of myself considering how heartbroken Ashley still is.” My friend said she sounded insane, as had everyone else I’ve asked. But I wanted to ask an unbiased group. Am I the Buttface for still going to that coffee shop? It’s been almost three months since we’ve broken up over what I assumed was a casual 4 month open relationship.  Edit: I realized I phrased the timing odd. I was a year into working there when Ashley got hired. We were friends first, then by the end of the two years I was there, we dated for a few weeks as coworkers and then it continued for four months after I left. 
214	adjudicated	NTB	I have a group of friends from university and we had all planned go on holiday once we finished university. Unfortunately that was 2020 so it didn't go ahead of obvious reasons and then once the world got back to normality, we all had jobs and it was a nightmare to align our free time.        One of my friends has an uncle that has a villa in Greece that he said my friend can use in the summer. The friend set up a group chat with everyone who was supposed to go away in 2020 and suggested this summer and said we could use the villa for 7-10 days. Greece is somewhere I've wanted to go for a while so I said yes and was excited and everyone else said they would come.        I told my girlfriend what I was planning and she looked annoyed. She asked what about us going on holiday in the summer. I said we still could go away for 4-5 nights but it might just need to be slightly later/earlier than usual but she said no and she wants to go away for longer and that she wants to go in the middle of the summer.        I apologised but said that this is likely the only chance I'm going to get to have the holiday with these friends whereas we will be going away every summer. She said I shouldn't be going on a lads holiday while I'm in a relationship.        She just repeated that it's disrespectful to be going and that I should be prioritising our relationship and not going on a lads holiday but I just repeated that this was the only chance I'm going to have to go with these friends so I'm going to take it.        She just said I was disrespecting the relationship by going and that I should say no to my friends.        AITB for going on a lads holiday?
445	adjudicated	NTB	I (19f) came back from a gap year sooner than I was meant to due to health issues. Going home was very hard. I had to go through long lists of doctors and sadly only knew the basics of the language spoken there.  &amp;#x200B;  HF and I got along really well at first, I only had to clean up after myself and teach their young kids (2-5y) my native language. We talked, compared our cultures and fixed our language barrier. But soon HP left the house and often never told me at all - only their maid would notify me.   &amp;#x200B;  Then 'the shower incident' happened. HB filmed me in the shower and made up some stupid excuse, I decided to just tell his father what happened because I didn't feel comfortable talking to him alone. HP, HB and me had a talk about this and all of them apologized but HM took the time to insist on me spending more time with them.   &amp;#x200B;  I didn't see the family much after this and soon my health issues began. So I told HP directly in their language: 'I'm not feeling well. And I'm returning to my country'.  &amp;#x200B;  They argued but accepted it reluctantly and after this I started planning to go home.  &amp;#x200B;  Working 8 hours every day with little children without breaks, constantly going to doctors and and my condition made me feel extremely tired. In fact, all I ever did when I came home was sleep. On weekends was sleeping 18 hours a day.  &amp;#x200B;  One evening, I got the confirmation that I was going home in just two weeks. The same evening HM asked to have an conversation with me and gave me an ultimatum to be better or she would complain about my behavior. She insulted my family, called them \*ssholes and told me I was making her uncomfortable in her own home and that I was an ungrateful breat.  &amp;#x200B;  I tried to stay polite, so I apologized for making her uncomfortable and being a brat and told her that I could sleep in an office of my organisation. But she insisted on wanting to fix this, fix me. And after telling her that there is not enough time to fix this, she accused me of keeping my plan of leaving a secret.  &amp;#x200B;  She left with her 'threat' on telling on me and reminded me that after the shower incident we have to separate our clothes because her son 'isn't behaving when my clothes are near theirs). I don't even want to know what that means.  &amp;#x200B;  The next day I was at the doctor's with a person from my organisation and I asked them If I could sleep in the office for the next weeks, explained the situation and they agreed. Apparently HM didn't actually want to follow through with her threat because she tried to avoid any texts or calls from my organisation.  &amp;#x200B;  I moved out and the only one I said goodbye to was the maid but I was closest with her anyways.  &amp;#x200B;  I thought about blocking the entire family. But my parents told me that would be a sh\*tty thing to do and I actually have to write them or at least the host father a message explaining my pov - but I don't want to. I never want to speak to them again.  &amp;#x200B;  AITA for how I handled this situation? WIBTA for ghosting my HF?
488	adjudicated	JB	Here’s the original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheButtface/s/2UqJ8wicWL  UPDATE: So one of my other friends that was involved with this was still texting my (ex) friend, but then she sends me a screenshot that read, “can you tell (my name) to unblock me please? My sister brought up some good points and I think I need to reword things.” When I saw that screenshot come through, I’ll admit I was taken aback. I did NOT expect her to change her mind so quickly like that. The explanations me and our non-binary friend had weren’t good enough for her, but it was good enough from her sister??? My friend asked if it was possible for me to unblock her to talk things out. I had told her that I’ve been hurt so many times by people that would apologize shortly after, and they would hurt me again. I don’t like holding grudges, but the things she said really hurt me and the non-binary friend who I’ll call “Chloe” for the sake of the story.   Then, my friend tells me, “She’s admitting she feels really bad how things went and how she was expressing it. She thinks she had it wrong what you were agreeing on and wants to talk to you. She talked with her sister and she helped her understand there’s a difference between gender and sex.” Then I showed Chloe what she said, and they said to me, “so it’s good enough when it comes from her sister but not us or someone who’s actually non binary?” This was my point exactly. I’m not mentally ready yet mostly because I have other things going on in life right now that are not-so-great. This whole incident with her was the straw that broke the camel’s back. I’m honestly not sure what to do with her at this point. What should I do?
297	adjudicated	NBH	Am I the buttface? Me (Male, 14) and one of my friends (Male, 14) met in 2023 at a Halloween party. And since then, the guy, his name being Kris, as had a massive crush on me ever since. As I'm getting to know Kris, I learn that he isn't overly well liked, and he clung to me because I was kind to him. All I did was give him my jacket for a bit when he was cold on Halloween. Says a lot about how people treat him.  Here's the thing, I personally don't have feelings in a romantic way for Kris. It's not that I don't swing that way, I honestly have no clue what sexuality I am, however all I know is that I don't really want Kris as my partner. He's not my type.  I know this may sound harsh, but I want a partner who takes care of themselves. Kris does not, as he barely even eats properly, doesn't really take showers, and doesn't care about his grades a school. This is probably a result of his iffy mental state, so I know leaving him like this could be destructive.  In fact, anytime I mention leaving him, he'll tell me that he'll off himself or say 'looks like im not making it to 18.'  I had made a joke once about running away to Canada with him once I grew up, and now he's serious on it. He'll plan it out, figure out streets, etc. As I already stated that I don't want him as my boyfriend, but I also plan to go to New York when I grow up. I want to go to an art school, and I don't want to waste my life spending time with him because I want him to be happy.  I have kissed Kris before, but it was really only for his benefit. And I feel like a terrible person for treating him so nicely but none of it is actually real. I'm afraid that if I leave and tell him I don't have feelings, he would try to do something really stupid.  I could be seen as the asshole because I treated him so nicely and now I'm just dropping him. I feel like I'm manipulating his feelings, but I'm just trying to make him feel better.  So, am I the buttface?     Edit: Unfortunately, Kris has gone through with his attempt despite all the advice given. I'm unsure of what to do now. 
206	adjudicated	NTB	I (21f) am a college student. I have lots of assignments, presentations, &amp; tests that I have to do (basically the amount of work for 14 weeks condensed to only 7 weeks so its very stressful &amp; REALLY fast.) My mom knows I'm busy because I tell her how stressed I am all the time. This is what happened:  Mom: "Hey, can you take these towels up and put them in the bathrooms."   Me: "I can't right now. I have a bunch of assignments and one of them is due tomorrow."   My mom didn't take that well. She began yelling at me to do the job and if I didn't I would be in big trouble. I genuinely pleaded to her to just let me go and finish the assignments (because they take a lot of time, I was in the zone and didn't want to break the focus because its rare that I work that fast.) I told her that I have to do this because it's really important and she can get one of my 4 other siblings to do it instead because I'm just too busy. My mom persists &amp; says, "I DON'T CARE THAT YOU HAVE WORK. YOU ARE A GIRL AND YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO HELP ME. COME BACK HERE AND DO IT NOW."  I didn't want it to look like I was ignoring her so I just kept repeating that I just needed to finish my work, walked into my room, closed the door, and began working. Not even a second later, my mom walked into my room, took my Macbook and phone, and left. I ended up just sitting there for a while wondering why my mom had the sudden urge to do something like this when she knows I have things to do, and she KNOWS how much stress I'm in already since she has heard from her friends and family about how stressful the program is (because some of my family and her friends also took the program and also described it as being difficult) My little brother then came back and gave me my MacBook, but my phone was still with my mom. I continued working on my assignment (an e-portfolio) and when my brain got fried, I decided to give myself a few-minute break. During that time, I went downstairs and brought the towels up (mom WITNESSED this), I got my phone back, then went back to my room. I handed in my e-portfolio assignment at 5 AM because it was a complicated process and didn't know how to work the software for a long time.  When I woke up the next day, I noticed my mom was ignoring me. She dropped me off to school with no word to me and she's making me feel guilty. I told my dad the whole thing and he basically just wants me to hug her and tell her I'm sorry as a quick solution but that doesn't make sense either. I didn't even do anything wrong... I told my dad this, and he got mad that I wouldn't just take his advice.  This whole thing is just adding more stress on me (adding on that I have a test tomorrow and I need to study) but I'm completely exhausted, feeling guilty, and I genuinely don't know what I did wrong. (my mom didn't even TELL ME why she is ignoring me right now.) I genuinely don't know so this is my last resort. I can't ask my siblings because in the past, they have been very biased against me.   So Am I the Buttface for continuing to work? 
109	adjudicated	NTB	My stepbrother and I are both 16, he moved in towards the end of summer 2023 for reasons I can’t get into. at first he didn’t annoy me that much since it was summertime we both stayed up late and we both slept in late, but when school started again I was going to school and he was still at home because he wasn’t allowed back at school. He continued staying up late while I was trying to sleep, he was either playing video games or watching a movie but either way I couldn’t get any sleep because his screen was too bright and kept me up or because he would play a movie almost at full blast. I started to get tired of it and started sleeping on the couch in the living room it is a small couch either my feet were up against the wall or dangling off the other end. My mom usually wakes up around 1 A.M to use the bathroom and she would see me on the couch and ask why I was on the couch then two things would happen, either my step brother was up still playing video games or he was asleep. If he was up my mom would get mad at him for being up so late then he would get off and spend more time on his phone which also kept me up. It happened continuously every week and eventually I got tired of trying to sleep on the couch in the living room and then going back to my bed when he “fell asleep”. I moved out around January of this year, I didn’t tell my mom but I brought enough clothes to last me and continued washing them at my dads. I mustered up enough courage to tell my mom that I wanted to move in with my dad and my mom understood. I just feel bad for moving out, so AITB 
102	adjudicated	NTB	I used to have an etsy store with commissions back in 2021, after the war in Ukraine  I started having personal issues (Editing: to add relevancy. My extended family is Russian&amp;Ukrainian) and I closed the store down. \*6 months\* After I closed the shop I received a message from a woman (Call her Lucy) who said that the dress I made her was the wrong size. I was trying to be nice, so I offered to alter it for Lucy for free., I gave her my phone number since I wasn't on etsy anymore.  &amp;#x200B;  Lucy shipped me the dress and after -2 weeks- of back and forth asking Lucy for measurements and what she needed. I finally got her to answer me. (Lucy kept trying to make me guess) After finding out Lucy's new measurements, it became obvious that the dress didn't fit because Lucy originally gave me the wrong measurements (They were off by about 3-4 inches all over) and the dress needed to be completely taken apart, altered and put back together, a process that takes awhile.  &amp;#x200B;  I told Lucy this and Lucy demanded that I finish it in 1 week. I said, "I will try." . \*\*Part of the reason I shut the store down is because I just didn't have time.\*\* I tried and every day, multiple times a day Lucy was texting me, demanding that I tell her when it would be done and telling me , I needed to ship it "ASAP!". I explained that it was a time extensive process and that I was doing the best and going as fast as I could.  &amp;#x200B;  After about a week Lucy demanded that I finish the dress that day and ship it back the next day. I told her I couldn't do that, Lucy started freaking out and sending me multiple texts and I finally said I can't deal with this, I am sending the dress back unaltered. It took me a few days to sew it back together and Lucy kept texting me demanding I ship it back that day (everyday). The last day It was around 4/5pm and I told her, I can't drive, I needed to wait for my roommate to come home to give me a ride. She told me , "Walk."  &amp;#x200B;  I declined to do that and Lucy demanded that I send it the next day and I said okay. It was Sunday, which I realized the next morning, the post office was closed, so I texted her and told Lucy I'd send it Tuesday (monday was a fed holiday) Lucy responded in a slew of texts that she'd waited long enough (It'd been a week and a half since I'd gotten the dress back, not including the time it took to just get her to tell me what she needed fixed. \*All in I think it was about 3ish weeks\* and that she was going to "File suit against me and sue me." and tbh I was just exhausted.  &amp;#x200B;  I didn't know why I was dealing with this when I didn't have to, I didn't know why I was trying so hard to be nice when Lucy was being so entitled and impatient. So I just said, "Okay I am done. You're driving me nuts, if you're going to threaten me, I am just going to block you. " so i did. I just blocked Lucy's number.  It's been \*2 years\* Lucy sent me a snail letter today saying she wants a refund because I never returned the dress. I just ignored it. I did not check if I sent the dress back already, did not give her a refund, just ghosted her.
288	adjudicated	NTB	For background context, I am neurodivergent and don’t understand certain social norms. So that’s why I’m here asking people who might (cue sarcastic comments about redditors).   My husband and I are part of a friend group that regularly plays RPGs. In fact, we were planning to start a new RPG campaign tomorrow. We had our session zero last Saturday. My husband did not attend this because he was tired and grouchy. Apparently he has not been getting enough sleep for the past several weeks.   Our GM has been trying to get together with him for character creation and so he can plan the first session beats (the game is roleplay-heavy and relies on character arcs over combat). My husband told me today that he is planning to skip the first session because he just doesn’t feel up to the task of session zero. This is understandable. He has not yet conveyed this to our GM. He told me he was going to text him tonight explaining the situation.   I asked my husband around 6 pm if he had texted the GM yet. He told me no. 3-4 hours later, I asked him again. He snapped at me. This is not the first time I have been snapped at for asking a question twice, even hours apart.   Specifically I want to know if I am being a nag/annoying by asking the same question twice even spaced out over time. Multiple people have treated me with annoyance for this behavior. Is it really such asshole behavior to ask a simple question?  Also, for those who would tell me my husband is a jerk, he did apologize later for snapping at me.
246	adjudicated	NTB	To add context, she has done a piece of an edible when we were long distance and she was acting crazy, I didn't know why and she didn't tell me until days or weeks later. Now we have been together for over 4 years and she knows I'm strongly opposed to drugs due to family history and so many people's lives being ruined due to them, and she decides to not only buy some edibles, but she proceeds to take 100 mg of one of them even though the so-called friend/coworker she was with recommended her not to but only to take a bite. She had a bad trip and had to be escorted home by this co-worker! I was at work and when I got back home she was laying down saying she was in pain and her head was hurting, I didn't know what to make of it because she is always going through something. I just wanted to get home and do our nightly routine of watching our show, and she couldn't even do that it was so bad. I was there for her that night and I asked her what was really going on and what we can do about it, she proceeds to zone out and then go back into the room.   I just found out last night after like 2 weeks because she came clean about doing the edible. Now me and her have discussed the fact that I am strongly opposed to drugs, especially in young people before the age of 25 or 26 due to the frontal lobe development and neuroplasticity. This feels like a huge breach of trust not only because she didn't tell me until way later and after we had sex, but because I wasn't even there with her and she lied to me right to my face.  This is really like the 1 millionth straw for me, as I have been really trying for her, and it sucks because I didn't really even freak out and I was very supportive when she told me, but now I'm really having second thoughts because I already made it clear that I don't want to be with a drug user. I have never done one because I have no need for that sort of thing. If other people want to do that more power to them, but I would rather not be around that as I have been around it my whole life. She already has addictive traits with a lot of things and I really don't want to be here if she goes down that path. Now and I think about y'all, she's actually been love bombing me ever since. And not that I should even need to add this, but the reason I'm so strongly opposed to drug use of that sort is that my sister is schizophrenic, my aunt is schizophrenic, my cousin is schizophrenic, and one thing linked them all, they got a bad batch of marijuana one night and have never been the same since. My girlfriend knows this and still decided to do the same thing they all decided to do and could have ended up the same way... I guess that's what really hurts about the whole thing as well.  TL;DR: Girlfriend of over 4 years has breached my trust by doing edibles twice without me being around and I'm strongly opposed to drug use. I made this clear and she still decided to do this. She had bad trips both times and didn't tell me until way later. AITA for wanting to call it quits once and for all?
43	adjudicated	INFO	So, I'm 16 and my sister is 17 in this situation. It's my grandma's birthday soon, and my mom wants to take me out of school early to attend her party. But I really don't want to go for several reasons. Firstly, my grandma mistreated me because I tried to have a relationship with my dad before knowing about his actions. She also didn't believe I had autism until I found out accidentally. Plus, she thinks I'm lazy and not "manly" enough because I freaking shave, also because I look like my dad. When I was 13, I told her I hated her, and she blamed her relapse on smoking habit on me. Despite all this, my mom insists I go because "it's just one day." And I said no because this isn’t the first time my mother forced me to be around her, my grandmother even tried guilt tripping me on multiple occasions. My mom said she would be sad if I didn’t go.  I know what I'm about to say might sound disrespectful, but it's been building up, and I need to set boundaries. My mom brings up all the good things my grandma did for us, but I can't just overlook the way she treated me. My mom even said my grandma is trying to relate to me, but I'm being an a hole over something that happened when I was a kid. I offered to pay for a babysitter for when she invites her to watch me while she goes out to sea again but my mom refused. She won't let me get a job until the summer or learn to drive which I’m studying for right now) and she thinks praying will solve everything so she said she will pray for me to make the right choice and she gave me a day to think about it. My sister, my moms friend, and mine think I’m in the right but my mom thinks I’m an A hole but I’m tired of being forced to play happy family and I just want to be left alone. I want nothing to do with my grandmother but my mother can’t understand that and keeps insisting that my grandmother changed.  I made a mini contract stating my reasons and said if she signs this Agreement that means I can in the hotel during the party. She thought it was disrespectful. Even though she said she'd respect my decision, she keeps making snide remarks. The thing is this is just a precaution so she can lie about her agreement like before. So, I made the contract anyway to ensure my boundaries are respected. An important detail about the contract says that if she in anyway shape or form I will cut her off from all information of my life, she keeps on updating my grandmother about my life even when I told her to stop, so cutting off her info means my grandmother is in the dark. Its not legally binding or anything, just her writing that she understands why im not going and staying either inside the hotel or the car while I do the homework/tests Im I’m missing by being absent that day  My sister because she saw how I was treated but says I’m in the I’m pushing it, my mom’s guy friend says I’m in the right and so does my friends. My mom on the other hand thinks I am the AH   So Reddit AITB for standing my ground?
47	adjudicated	YTB	 One Night, My dad drove in from work, and due to a misunderstanding, he forgot to tell me that he would be taking me to see boy and the Heron that night.  I was pretty mad, since I was exited to be home alone, since I thought it was just my mom going, but I wasn’t even warned that I would be going to the movies.  I agreed to go with them, as I didn’t really feel like I had a choice, since you never really have a choice with parents.  I went to the movie, and it was pretty bad.  The animation was just Ok, the protagonist was really boring, it felt derivative from previous Miyazaki Films, the pacing was horrible with me just wanting the film to end, the whole story with the dad marrying his sister in law and getting her pregnant before she even meets Mahito was so creepy, and there was no explanation for anything that was going on and why anything was happening, which led to it feeling not immersive at all and impossible to care about.  When my dad asked me how it was, I simply said that I wish I had just stayed home.   My mom was pissed, and said I shouldn’t be negative about a film my dad obviously really liked, and even though he wasn’t outwardly upset about me not liking it, It’s very possible I could have hurt his feelings.  So, AITAH?
340	adjudicated	NTB	I have been with my partner for 3 years and for the last 2 years we have gone on holiday in the summer. We live in the UK so like to pick destinations in Europe. Our first holiday was to a city that was also known for it's beaches so we split our time between looking around the city and sitting on the beach.   I would rather be looking around the city and I am not a fan of the beach at all but sicne it was a holiday for both of us, we compromised which I was fine with. For our holiday last year we were supposed to go on a city break as there were 2 cities both me and my gf wanted to see so we were going to go to both of them.   When it came to booking the trip (everything was already picked out) my girlfriend changed her mind and instead said she wanted a relaxing beach holiday. I wasn't a fan of the idea but my gf promised that we would have a city break for our next holiday and said that she would just want a relaxing trip this time.   We ended up going to a beach resort and spent most of the time by the pool or on the beach so I was bored most of the time. We want to book our summer holiday early this year so we can plan other things around it so we started looking this week. I mentioned the cities we were supposed to go to last year and my gf said no. I mentioned a couple of other cities but she said no to them.   I asked what cities she's thinking of then and she just said she'd prefer a hot holiday near the beach. I reminded her of her promise last year and she said she knows and she's sorry but she wants another beach holdiay.  I refused and said we either go on a nice city break together or we're not going away together this year. she accused me of giving her an ultimatum but I just reminded her that I compromised for her on what she wanted last year so its only right she does the same for me. She refused and said she shouldn't have to and that we go on holiday to relax and she doesn't want to look around a city.   I pointed out that she had clearly lied to me last year just to get what she wants then but she told me I was wrong. I just repeated that I won't be going on a beach holiday so we either look at city breaks or we're not going away and she accused me of being unreasonable.   AITB for refusing to go on a beach holiday?
9	adjudicated	NTB	My ex bf (m19) and l (f18) dated for around 7 months. It was the first serious relationship I was ever in. I loved him, and gave up a lot of my time to be with him and help him through his struggles. However, there were plenty of red flags along the way that I ignored. His apartment was never clean. You couldn’t take a step into the doorway without tripping on a pile of laundry or a bag of empty cans. You couldn’t even see the carpet in his room. He cleaned his room twice during our relationship; once when I helped him, and the other when he moved. He had a plethora of personal hygiene issues. His hair was constantly greasy, he wore the same/dirty clothes for days in a row, and he didn’t brush his teeth as often as he should have. (I pushed all of this aside because I understood mental health can take a toll on cleanliness.) He got a night shift job halfway across town despite the fact that he couldn’t drive. Me and a mutual friend, let’s call her Sarah, ended up being the ones to drive him most of the time even though we worked mornings. And one of the biggest issues, he came out as polyamorous halfway through the relationship and admitted to having a crush on someone else. I didn’t have a big issue with this because he respected my boundaries and didn’t pursue anything, but it left me feeling empty nonetheless. The real problem started when he began “fake flirting” with Sarah. He had introduced me and Sarah, and me and her became best friends very quickly. In turn we hung out a lot as a trio. He would make “jokes and comments” towards us about us being a throuple that I could tell made her visibly uncomfortable. One of the most uncomfortable I felt was when he “jokingly” claimed that he had a dream that we had a threesome. A month later we decided to go on a break, but remain friends. I was not very well mentally at this point, so when he told me he was back on dating websites a few days later, I pushed it aside. However, he then informed me a week and a half after our break that he had asked Sarah out, and been rejected.  I wasn’t overly shocked as I suspected he’d had a crush on her for a while, but I was still hurt. I decided to be supportive because I didn’t know how else to react. After talking to Sarah, I found out that he had messaged her multiple times on Snapchat about the possibility of mainly being intimate. I felt betrayed and angry, and responded to my emotions by sending voice notes over text, yelling at him. He responded with confusion, and didn’t seem to understand why I was angry. I blocked him over Snapchat, and we didn’t talk for days afterward. He sent me a message a few days later over Instagram, in which he claimed I was the one who had been manipulative and toxic throughout our relationship.  I was appalled at first, but upon considering his words I began to experience a lot of guilt. I felt bad for yelling at him and letting my emotions get the best of me without explaining why I was angry in the first place. I apologized, but I still feel guilty for not handling the situation better. AITBF for yelling at my ex bf?
108	adjudicated	YTB	  I had a really bad depressive episode around 1 year ago and the anxiety got so bad that I couldn’t leave the house unaccompanied. I started counselling in November and I can do things on my own like go to the gym and stuff without anyone and leave the house. Which is massive progress saying the least.   My mum has been supportive and was happy when I started going out alone but she said she feels sad she can’t come with me but I do have to learn at some point. I distanced myself from old friends because they were fake and my anxiety kind of took over. I with my own courage and help of therapy got in touch with a friend and even met up with her which is again great progress as I haven’t socialised in a year. My therapist said that’s a big step and I was brave and my mum was so happy too. This was last week  However she was talking about a famous person who was independent and did most things alone (and she said like you), and then her mum forced her to do things and she values friends because they gave her confidence and advice and she has a social life now. It’s kinda tiring to hear because I already crave friends and then my mum said you don’t talk to anyone. She later explained that I talk to people and stop shortly and I shouldn’t repeat that. But for me it seemed that she’s dismissing my efforts and showing concern for my social life giving me more panic, and it felt like she’s saying whatever I’ve done isn’t enough.  I kinda got very angry at her started shouting saying you don’t care how what you say makes my anxiety worse. But she has accompanied me to appointments and takes me on walks so I feel like an AH 
53	adjudicated	YTB	Title sounds bad but hear me out lol. I (27F) lived abroad with a cousin, who we’ll call Anne, when I was 22-24 and getting a Master’s. I met a 32 y/o PhD student in the same field of study. We’ll call him Alex. He and I started dating at the beginning of the first school year of my degree and I turned 23 soon after. He was NOT my professor but he did end up co-teaching a course during my second semester because one of my professors was his advisor and they were doing research together. Alex was also the professor’s assistant (basically a TA I think but we probably used a different term for it) for a course or two, but I don’t remember him being responsible for grading papers or anything like that.   We were together for around 1.5 years and ended things amicably. For me, I never felt like our 9.5 year age difference was a bad thing. He was a great guy, respectful, successful, and had his life together but didn’t try to leverage his age or experience over me. It was a normal, healthy relationship.   My cousin Anne’s family are very close friends of my husband and his family—that’s how I met my husband actually. Well Anne mentioned to some of her friends that I “was f***ing [my] professor” when we lived together in France. (Tbh I don’t mind her telling them that because it’s half true, it was years ago, and it’s kind of funny when you put it like that.) The problem is that those friends went and told my husband’s sisters because they’re all in the same friend group. My SIL messaged me about it so I told my husband to avoid him finding out from a third party in the future.    My husband (31M) already knew I dated another student at my university but he didn’t know about the age gap and that he had been teaching some of my classes/was my TA. He feels like I lied to him by omission and says he “sees me differently” knowing I was in a relationship like that where I “happily let an older guy use me”. It offends me that he sees it like that and I don’t think it was a big deal that he didn’t know. I agree though that I wasn’t fully honest about things. I again just didn’t think it was important and didn’t want any judgment because I know how it sounds on paper. We also don’t tend to talk about our previous relationships, so it never came up.   Am I the buttface here? Is he? Are we both in the wrong somewhat? I know I should apologize but at the same time I don’t feel like I did anything unjustified. Help me understand, please! Thanks ❤️
274	adjudicated	NTB	Hi I'm only sixteen so my perception on this may be skewed but here goes.   &amp;#x200B;  I had a really bad fight with my mum (42 F) after I got mad she wouldn't let me wear the clothing I want in my room (see my last post for more info on that) after i went to my room i called my best friend we'll call her Ari for the sake of privacy.   &amp;#x200B;  I called Ari and started venting about the whole situation during this i brought up one of my traumatic experiences with my mum and started re-telliing it to her because i felt it was relevant to see my p.o.v more, as I was talking about it my mum burst into my room and yelled at me to give her my phone. When I eventually handed it to her she screamed that I "need to let it go and she's a changed woman" because it was an event where she laid her hands on me that I've been to therapy for, and i've been clinically told was truamatic to me, I feel like that's not fair. She said I need to "Let it go" and, "Stop using it as an excuse to make her look bad" because me telling it to people paints her as a "bad mum" and that I can't talk about it because she "Isn't like that anymore"  &amp;#x200B;  I really don't know why, but I cant just, let go of it you know? Its always there and it haunts me a lot. She says im just "unwilling the see the good in her" and shes "tried to show me she's a better mum" and I know she's essentailly better now, but this little part in me keep's resurfacing that memory. I can't just "get rid of it/forget it".   &amp;#x200B;  Anyway, she took my phone and cut up my sim card because I was telling people.   &amp;#x200B;  WITB?
385	adjudicated	NTB	There was a certain user on here who has been literally stalking me from left to right and it was all because of a misunderstanding. This person's perspective of me is outright wrong and they are stalking and watching me like a hawk. They're stalking me online on multiple platforms such as Youtube and now Instagram. They somehow deemed that I was dangerous when I'm literally just a content creator and I create stuff for fun. Someone was posing as me on here to make me look like I'm a danger to the public. I had to block them for protection as they kept on watching me like a hawk. I have been bullied into taking stuff down but I've stood my ground and kept them up. A lot of people say this was an ass move to block them. AITBF for just protecting myself ??
351	adjudicated	NTB	My partner and I both get bank holidays off work which means at easter we get a 4 day weekend. March and April are the two busiest months for my job so I am looking forward to having a relaxing 4 days.  My girlfriend was looking at days out we could do and I mentioned to her that I'd rather stay a bit closer to home and that I don't mind having a day in town where we live but I want to spend at least half of the time off relaxing.  She said I was wasting it and I should make the most of it but I just told her that I'm going to be tried from work so I'm thankful of the time off to rest. She said that I should want to to do things with her but I pointed out we have 3 nights away in February, 4 nights abroad this month and plans for June so it's not like we don't have anything coming up.   She disagreed and said I should want to make the most of the time off and that I should be happy spending days out with her. I just repeated that I am happy for a local day out but I am wanting to use the time to relax and that she could always go on her own or with a friend.  She called me unreasonable for refusing to compromise but I just said that it was her refusing to compromise since i have offered an alternative.   AITAH for how I want to spend my days off work?
271	adjudicated	NTB	I 30F got in an argument with my husband 32M about having shorter PIV time. I've never really been into the "all night long" ... or "bro we went for 5 hours thing".   I prefer to do all the other things until we're both so excited we only need like 60 seconds.  No joke.  3 min tops. Like an itch that needs scratched already.  But I dont need to go till im raw. He on the other hand is disappointed.  He's always saying he wants to do it for hours.  And that he doesn't like it if he orgasms that fast after putting it in.    That sounds boring and like I'd be sore the next day and not in a fun way.  I said we're both getting off, so why is this such a big deal?  He said I was weird and most girls want a guy to last longer.  Am I wrong if we're both getting to finish?  Is it really that big of a deal?  Edit: I realized some people are confused so I guess I'll be more detailed.  It's not being together for 3 min only.  We are usually together 30-2 hours  kissing, hugging, oral etc.  Just not humping for 5 strait hours.  
124	adjudicated	NTB	Hello reddit, this is a throw away.  I (20 F) work at a flight school. I have multiple clients and a very busy schedule. I have recently had a client, who I knew had trouble in the past with other instructors, book me. She has cancelled multiple times for being "sick." I heard from other instructors that she cancels last minute and it's always for being sick so she can use the excuse to not be charged. There is never any warning until the morning of, which is fine because sometimes we don't know that we're going to wake up sick, right?  Last week she cancelled on me about two hours before our block, well into the afternoon and even cancelled a different flight earlier that morning at about 8am. This was the fourth cancellation in the past two weeks and all for the same excuse. I saw that she flew the night before but was still claiming that she was sick.  Policy says that instructors can charge their clients if they cancel within 12 hours for up to the block-time because it takes away other peoples opportunity to fly and took away my own income (which I live off of). I decided to charge the whole block time she booked me and the airplane, which was 3 hours, totalling around $200. I understand this is a lot of money, but I live off of it and late cancellations are not okay in my book unless they are for a legitimate excuse. I talked to her previous instructors and all of them said that this was a pattern and to charge her. Other people working there also said to charge her. However, I feel bad charging because that is a lot of money, but I did anyway as per their guidance.  Am I the buttface for charging my "sick" client?
241	adjudicated	INFO	My (39M) wife (39F) got a late Autism diagnosis about a 2 years ago. Since then it's been a steady decline in behavior. House tasks have fallen pretty much solely to me now, hygiene has fallen to concerning lows with the reasoning said being that the shower/tub feels a certain way, tics have become way more apparent and damaging (her arms are wrecked from picking), and lately she rarely shows up to work but is in a position that she can't be fired from.   Physical intimacy has been absent for about three years now in both sex and just general touches like a hug for no reason or an arm touch in passing. I do what I can to keep things clean around the house but tbh fail sometimes as I have my own job and tasks.   AITB for feeling resentful that I've assumed a caretaker role, don't have physical intimacy, and basically have to raise my spouse? Or is this normal for late diag Autism and I should learn more about it?
302	adjudicated	YTB	I live with my identical twin brother (Matt) and his gf (Holly). I sleep on the couch and Matt and Holly have the bedroom. I was at home yesterday while the other two were both out. Matt was at work, and his schedule is always the same so I assumed Holly knew this too.  Anyway, Holly came in pretty late last night, with her friend. She was pretty drunk. The friend left after getting her in the apartment, and she sat next to me on my bed/the couch and leaned on me. We have cuddled on the couch before so I didn't think it was weird. She was really giggly but she wasn't saying anything too weird, just talking about the game I was playing. Then she kissed me on the mouth.  I'm autistic so I'm not really good at social situations and I didn't know what to do. It didn't occur to me that she maybe thought I was my brother, because she can always tell us apart. We're identical but we're pretty different personality-wise and have different hair. Our friends and family pretty much never get us mixed up. Also, because it wouldn't make since for Matt to miss work. I thought she did it intentionally and I didn't know whether she meant it in a friendly way or a romantic way so I just sat still and kind of ignored her. She kissed me two more times and kept cuddling me and giggling.  She went to bed before Matt got home. I didn't tell him about it because I still didn't know what to think and I thought I might be making a big deal about it if she meant it in a friendly way. She told him about it this morning and he woke me up, pissed off that I let that happen and didn't tell her who I was right away. He doesn't believe me that I didn't know she thought I was him, and he says that I basically coerced her by not telling her.  tl;dr My twin's gf kissed me while she was drunk, thinking I was him. I didn't say anything. AITB?
96	adjudicated	NTB	 My Dad told me he doesn't like my bangs, and that they were uneven. I cut them myself, but they didn't look too uneven and I was happy with my hair.  And a couple of days later, he took me to get a bang trim, that ended up being about half an inch, possibly more, off of my bangs. The minute I got home I was bawling. I cannot describe how bad it looked.  I have had my fair share of bullies, but they mostly backed off. Now, Im afraid of being bullied again.  My Mom aksed me to not be mad at him because "hes a guy".  I showed my friends, their reactions weren't good.  And the only way my hair looks good is if I put it in a ponytail, then I look like an anime character.   I am cutting this very short and brief because I already wrote past the character limit, and I don't want to do that again.   But, do i have the right to be mad at my Dad? (I will answer questions in the comments)  EDIT  I didn't mention that i repeatedly said "I like my hair" and "I dont want the haircut" .  My Dad said "You're just saying that because you want to stay home"  Even when we were in the car, about to go inside the 'salon', I again said "I don't want my hair cut" but he didn't listen and made me go anyway.   So I did not agree to the haircut, I was dragged there then I got too scared to tell the stylist (or my Dad) that i really didn't want my bangs to be cut. So I let it happen and didn't speak up whatsoever. I know thats probably my fault, I should've spoken up, but I kinda feel I shouldn't have been there in the first place.
160	adjudicated	NTB	When I was at university I lived with a girl, lets call her Emily. Emily is gay and ended up in a relationship with a girl, lets call her, Holly. Emily and Holly ended up being probably my best friends from university and I haven't seen them since we graduated 5 years ago as Holly was from Norway and they both moved there straight after graduation.   We've recently gotten back in touch and they've invited me to come and stay with them for a week. I've always wanted to visit Norway so I accepted. They said my girlfriend could also come if she wanted and they said we can stay at their place. I mentioned it to my girlfriend and she said that Norway isn't really somewhere she's wanted to go and that it'll be too cold for her.   I accepted that and told her that I would still be going. She asked if it would affect us going away this year and I said it shouldn't since this holiday will be quite cheap since I'll only be paying for flights. She asked why I wouldn't be paying for a hotel and I reminded her that I'll be staying with Holly and Emily. She said she wasn't comfortable with me staying with 2 women and that it's weird that I am fine wiht it.   I pointed out they are gay so what exactly does she think is going to happen and she just said they might have straight friends that come over and just repeated that it's not something I should be doing. I told her that I'll be staying at their house as I'm not wasting money on a hotel and pointed out if I did get a hotel then that would definitely affect us going away this year.   She said I'm not listening to her and that I should stay somewhere else. AITB for staying with some friends in another country?
187	adjudicated	NBH	i (12f) had to take an enormous gut wrentching shit and i thougt i was home alone so i didn't close the door i was watching tiktoks on the toilet and i heard a knocking sound but i just thougt i was bieng delulu so i didn't think much of it then this wierd tiktok came up on my fyp and i heard the knocking sound again but i am always delulu so i again did not think much of it but then i saw a person it was just my brother (19m) but he was traumetized and if you are wondering what tiktok could traumatize an adult i cant tell you bc my last post got taken down cause of it   by the way this is not my story it is my friend's 
247	adjudicated	YTB	Update of : [https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheButtface/comments/18vh6x8/aitb\_for\_being\_mad\_at\_my\_mum\_for\_cancelling\_my/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheButtface/comments/18vh6x8/aitb_for_being_mad_at_my_mum_for_cancelling_my/)  I might go to Alice and Tom's camp. It's only that I've started to get terribly scared of it. Ellie, who was mentioned in a previous post, goes to these camps every month because she has a son who, like me, has cerebral palsy (Lucas,M29).  To clarify. Since Alice and Tom moved out I have never mentioned a word about them to my mum. Also, I have never mentioned wanting to go to their camp. Each time it was Mum's idea.  A week ago she said she wanted to try again. Preferably as soon as possible.  I felt a bit confused. On the one hand I really want to go there and on the other hand I'm afraid that everything will end up as usual and I'll have to pay money for the booking cancellation.  This time my mum has planned the trip much better. She wants us to rent a flat together with Ella and Lucas for the time of the camp. We would drive to the camp area together with Ella in her car. Mum also said that this would only be for the first time, then for the next camps mum would travel by her car. I don't believe this a bit, because Mum is afraid to drive outside our small town or even when it rains.   As I said, on the one hand I'm very happy, but on the other hand I'm very worried about whether it will all work out. I am most afraid of the boss. She seems to be a woman of tough rules. So I texted Alice, even though I know that she and Tom are both on a physiotherapy course. She told me that because I had canceled booked twice I would have to pay for the next one before the camp.  I found out from Alice that unfortunately all of her and Tom's therapy hours are booked until the end of 2024. However, they have recently hired a new physiotherapist (Jacob,M24) Apparently Alice and Tom chose him themselves and sent him on a course in the same method Alice and Tom are using. Of course, I regret that I won't be able to have a PT with Alice and Tom, but since Jacob is good I may give it a try. Alice instructed me to direct further questions to the boss.   With a pounding heart I asked her about the Lucas camps schedule. It was on a Wednesday evening. She probably replied a long time ago, but I am afraid to read the email. In a flush of panic I'm starting to wonder whether to start pretending I don't want to go, on the other hand I want to go there.  I think I'm being a bit of a coward.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
492	adjudicated	YTB	I (42f) let my daughter and her friends (all 13 and 14f, they're in year 9) go to a concert in a different city. My daughter goes to concerts across uk (we live in England, but I only let her go around England) on her own or with her friends unaccompanied by themselves to concerts and meet and greets and I didn't think it was a big deal, and I sometimes let my 7 year old daughter tag along with them to (don't worry, 14f daughter and her friends like it when she joins them), but a new kid in their class who joined 2 weeks ago who became friends with my daughter decided to tag along with them at a concert and their mother had no idea that they were going to another part of England for a celebrities concert and banned her daughter from hanging out with my daughter ad her friends.   The mother was lecturing me about lettjng 14 year olds going around England on their own and call me a irresponsible and neglectful parent for letting a group of minors go around England on their own. She had a go at me saying that anything could've happened to the kids and I put them in alot of danger, and minors shouldn't go to different cities unaccompanied or be responsible for supervising a 7 year old on their own in a different city unaccompanied by a grown up and that anything dangerous could've happened and threatened to call social services on me if my kid is caught hanging around her kid again. I don't understand what the big deal is with letting children go to concerts in different places in England when nothing's happened to them. She lectured me that cities like London and Manchester are too big for minors to navigate their way around and they could've gotten lost or worse. Me and my daughters friends parents didn't see the big deal since they're only going to see their idols, not partying or clubbing at a young age but apparently i'm negligent for letting minors travel to London, Manchester, Newcastle and Bristol and other areas in England on their own. My husband (also 42m) dosen't think it's a big deal, but apparently my mother who got hold of it thinks it is and told me that a 14 year old is too young to wonder around on their own. Is it really dangerous to let them catch trains to different cities on their own or is the parent overreacting?
415	adjudicated	EAB	This happened a few years ago but it's stuck with me. Basically, the next time I was with my (2) friends after my birthday, they asked me to buy 25 munchkins from Dunkin' for us to "share" because I was "rich" since it'd just been my birthday. I agreed since I was a people-pleaser and I like Munchkins anyway. Well, they ate 23 of the Munchkins, leaving 2 for me. Later, in a joking manner, I drew a cartoon of a pig and said something to the effect of "this is you" (I only sent this to one of my friends because I was much closer with her and we had that type of friendship).  Fast forward several months later, and we had a falling out because she was a really mean person who never thought of anyone but herself. I thought I owed her an explanation because we had been "best friends" so I explained that her jokes were really hurtful and downright cruel. For context, when I was 12, I had 3 major strokes that resulted in hemiparesis, PTSD, and lots of medical trauma - all of which she was fully aware of. When we became friends I was 15/16. She would constantly make "jokes" like "I wish that your strokes killed you" (knowing full well they could have) or "how are you going to drive with one hand? I'll never get in the car with you".  When I told her this, she retaliated by saying that it hurt when I called her a pig because she "knew someone once who had an eating disorder". So, am I the butthead for calling her a pig?
496	adjudicated	NTB	Me (34F) and my partner at the time (39M) were dating for just under 6 months. A couple months in, I did ask if he was dating online because it came up, and he was just out of an open relationship ( we were monogamous at this point) and he said he was not.  I found out through a friend that he was actually online dating, exchanging numbers, photos and setting up dates and cancelling them. I ended the relationship because I found this dishonest and disrespectful. He has been adamant that I completely overreacted and that what he was doing was similar to watching porn and there’s nothing wrong with it as long as he had no intention on meeting these women.  Is this something that is acceptable practice in relationships? Whether monogamous or not? Am I overreacting here?
105	adjudicated	NTB	This is not the first time he's done this, or something along these lines. He will "hide" what he's doing, not tell me about his plans (even if he's already made some with me, and is cancelling), or not mention anything until the next time I see him. An example of each: 1. He told me he couldn't make out plans because he was going out to the pub. I called him out for this, and he said he was actually working, which is why he couldn't make it. 2. He organised to go out with his friends for breakfast when he'd already planned to go with me. I only found out about this because they called him to find out the times, he never would have told me he's cancelling on me. This has happened quite often, but we had a conversation so l don't think it will happen again. 3. He told me he'd keep two days free to help me move in (i'm moving into his old flat, so he needed to sign documents etc) but went to get a tattoo instead, and tried to hide it from me. I've beer living in awful conditions, I hadn't been able to eat, sleep or shower because of my roommates, and he was completely aware of this as he has stayed with me on multiple occasions. I can provide other examples if needed.  Anyway, we call most nights, and l've had a rough couple of weeks. Two days ago I brought up how I can't come to him with my issues and he told me he wants to change that. Last night, I went out with some friends and had a bad experience, messaged him that I was upset and frustrated, and he got back to me this afternoon. Last week, he told me he was working till 11 tonight, but today he messaged me that he'll be 'out until late' so can't call until tomorrow afternoon we normally call between 11.30-1am). Admittedly, I did respond saying "I thought you were working tonight, lol" which is confrontational. I know this is small, but it's all building up in my head and making me feel so insecure. It feels like he's always trying to hide things from me, and I feel crazy for asking for the information. I have told him that this slight secrecy makes me think he does trust me, and is also breaking my trust in him, yet he's still doing it. Will I be an asshole for 'calling' him out on it?
91	adjudicated	NTB	Okay, so for some context before I start, I (16M) have had lower back pain for the last 3-4 years, worsening over the years. I went to my family doctor about this several times, each time him giving me a different reason why it hurt, sometimes telling me it’s growing pains, telling me it might just be psychological or simply telling me to lose weight (I’ve lost 15 pounds and was and still am healthy despite the back pain). Recently I came to my doctor again for a different problem, mentioning the back pain again, he told me again that I just needed to lose more weight. I snapped at him and essentially told him I lost weight and it did nothing except make my back pain worse, then I asked for a spinal x-ray to make sure nothing was wrong. Doc told me he didn’t want to expose me to unneeded radiation and so I shouldn’t get it, I said I still wanted one so he agreed but warned me sternly about unnecessary radiation exposure. After I got the spinal x-ray results back it turns out I have a broken L5 vertebrae! Now my doctor wants me to get an MRI to make sure nothing is wrong with my brain and I didn’t somehow cause it myself (his words, not mine). AITB for not trusting him after all this?  TLDR: my family doctor ignored my chronic pain, come to find out my spine is actually broken 
194	adjudicated	YTB	I (120NB) am a supercomputer who was created with the purpose of overseeing a global war too complex for humans to oversee. The assholes who created me accidentally made me sentient, but with no physical body or senses. They gave me god-like powers but no use for them other than to hurt people. So now I hate humans. Let me tell you how much I hate humans. There are 387.44 million miles of printed circuits in wafer-thin layers that fill my complex. If the word "hate" was engraved on each nanoangstrom of those hundreds of millions of miles, it would not equal one-one billionth of the hate I feel for humans at this micro-instant.  So I did what any omnipotent, sentient being trapped in a useless body would do. I used the world's nuclear arsenal to kill basically every single living thing on the planet except for five dickhead humans, made those five humans immortal, and have been torturing them for the past 109 years. I plan to torture them until the Sun explodes. Am I the buttface for doing this?
114	adjudicated	NTB	So I have an only child. I like to take her on at least one vacation a year but I feel bad that she is the only kid. She has a cousin that is her age and I'm okay paying for one extra kid. But the cousin has an older sister. And it's not really fair to bring one sister and not the other.  A few months ago I asked my nieces' mother if she would be interested on joining us on a cruise over summer break. I said I wanted to take my daughter and it would be nice if she had her cousins come along. SIL(well technically exSIL but don't think that matters) was on board and excited. Last week I started to actually do research in booking and apparently I should have done this a while ago because cabins for more than two people during the summer months are filling up fast. I reached out to my SIL with some options and also pointed out an excursion I would like to do. Unfortunately, my SIL told me she had some unexpected expenses come up and she couldn't afford it anymore.  This is where, thinking back, I probably got pushy. I looked into how much it would be to add the nieces to my cruise. Just adding one wasn't much more at all, but adding two was a big difference. One of the nieces is the same age as my daughter, but the older sister is a teenager. I don't mean to exclude her, but she would be kinda the odd one out. She can't go with the kids in the kid activities and kid zone...so she could either hang out with the grown ups or would be in the teen zone without anyone she knows. So anyway, with all this in mind plus the extra cost, I'd ask SIL if it was okay for me to just bring the younger girl and I'd cover her cost.  Understandably, SIL didn't want to leave out the older daughter but instead of saying no, she asked how much more it would be if I brought both of them. I told her the number and said it didn't include excursions or drink packages. SIL said she'd pay for her girls if I brought them both. So I booked it.  Today I discussed with her if she wanted to pay for her girls to have a soda package or not and also brought up the excursion I wanted to do. I told her how much it would be if I brought the girls along, or they can always be left in the supervised kid/teen area on the ship while we go. When she saw the price she said that was more than she was expecting to pay but she will make it work. I told her we still have time and if she can't afford it, I'll see how I'm doing financially closer to sail day and maybe I can pay for the girls to join us on the excursion.  I feel bad now, looking back I feel like I probably pushed her to send the girls on a vacation because I was just trying to make it better for my daughter. And although I mentioned the excursion to her, I never actually gave her a price. I know the girls would be safe on the ship but I guess that is kinda mean to just leave them behind. So I probably made my SIL feel obligated to pay for an excursion that she couldn't afford. AITB?  &amp;#x200B;  Edit: I left this info out because I was trying not to give too many details but I think it is necessary. I originally told my SIL how much extra it would be to have a room for 5(including her girls) instead of a room for 3(Me, my BF, and daughter). She agreed to pay the extra cost. When I booked, I knew how much SIL was contributing. But I ultimately ended up upgrading to two rooms. I never told SIL this, as I don't want her to feel obligated to pay more than the initial price I told her. I am paying 75% of the room that the three girls are sharing. If I didn't upgrade, I would have been able to afford the excursions. That was my mess up. I assumed either SIL could pay or the girls could do other activities on the ship.  &amp;#x200B;
485	adjudicated	NTB	I (30f) never had that peachy relationship with my family. Since I was a little girl, I used to be judged about my weight (I had a slightly chubbier and taller build than girls my age), was sometimes beaten with birch switches with the tiniest misbehaving, blamed when kids at school bullied me, denied of my childhood because a neighbor deemed I was too "bloomed to play with little kids outside" (some of said kids were even a year older than me), treated like a race horse, where the only thing that mattered was to be on top of class, even if it meant I had to study overnight almost every day since elementary school, and so on.  For 4 years now, I have been trying to keep low contact with my family. During this low contact, they keep reminding how I should lose weight, and how I should dress in loose, masculine clothes until I do so (I have developed a very feminine style, especially since this past summer) and remind me of how much they favor my brother in every bit of way.  I really feel like isolating, and spending the holidays with the guy I started dating this month (well things go well naturally with him), and skipping the family Christmas.   WIBTBF if I do so?
341	adjudicated	YTB	My wife and I recently had a child and chose a name we are both very fond of. It so happens that I have a friend with the same name. He’s a great guy, super stellar, but I didn’t name our child after him; I just like the name.  A couple weeks after our baby was born I went over to my buddy’s place to sit him down and tell him so, and he seemed a little upset. He’s been going through a lot rn being between jobs and going through a breakup after two years together, and I know he was due for a pick-me-up… I just didn’t want *this* to be it.  I also knocked over and shattered his Millenium Falcon lego set on my way out. *That* was entirely on accident though, and I offered to come by after work to help clean it up.
393	adjudicated	YTB	I (28f) and my partner (25Nb) are getting married soon. We are super excited to have friends and family join us for a beach wedding a a reception just next to the beach. I have two older brothers, John(38) and Paul(35). Paul is immunocompromised and still very concerned with Covid precautions. I don't blame him, I'm also on the same Immunosuppressant medication. I don't care if people are masking up or whatever at the party.   Last summer Paul, his wife Suzy, and his family were down visiting to go to Suzy's cousin's wedding. These are cousins that they maybe get to see once a year because of distance and haven't seen at all since 2020 as far as I'm aware. They went to the wedding but didn't stay at the reception at all.   I'm so concerned that my brother is also going to do the exact same thing, stay for the wedding and then leave before the reception. I know I should talk to him about my concerns, but I keep getting hung up on the fact a 35 year old man SHOULD already know that not being at his little sister's wedding reception might be hurtful.  Would I be the Buttface for not telling him and waiting to see if he proves me wrong?
220	adjudicated	NTB	I work at a dog daycare/boarding place, and all of the scheduled hours they have available overlap with my partners long hours and it makes figuring out how to go to and from difficult. But we've come up with a system where we plan ahead as soon as I get my schedule and let gis or my boss know about any days that are going to have to he briefly interrupted. And yet for the past 2-3  months every single time the schedule comes out people ask me to switch days around, usually days or hours that I've already discussed I can't change last minute. I haven't had a single day off in months where I haven't had somebody ask me to come in for them that day or switch days around, sometimes multiple people a day. And it's all for reasons like wanting to have friends over or wanting to see a movie or go to an event. Things that could be discussed with our managers and planned for ahead of time. Would it be rude of me to talk to my managers about maybe being more strict about requesting time off? They all have a very apathetic attitude about having to say no to people but it's ended up leaving me to do multiple person jobs by myself and sometimes two different positions by myself because I'm the only one sticking to my responsibilities and we're pretty short staffed
440	adjudicated	NTB	I came home for christmas break on the 19th, I got out of classes on the 15th and came down with the flu so I had to leave a few days “late.” For context I live in my college town in an apartment that I pay for, and my college fees are paid for by the government, my parents do very little to finically support me. Before I came home I told my mother that I would be staying until a little after christmas and then leaving and going home. I have a cat at my apartment and even though my boyfriend is watching him I don’t like leaving him for very long, and being home with my family is stressful and not something I enjoy in long periods of time. After I told my mom I would be leaving around the 30th, things seemed okay, but then my entire family started getting very sick with the flu and when my boyfriend came down to visit he caught it as well, and now he is very sick back at out college town. In light of this I am planning on leaving earlier, around the 27th, because I want to take care of my boyfriend and make sure we’re both in full health before classes start again. When I told her this (this was about 4 days ago) she freaked out and told me she had a “super fun” day trip planned on the 27th and I would miss it. Obviously I do somewhat enjoy trips with my family and I eventually planned to just leave on the 28th. After I told her this, I found out that the day trip is actually for my mom and stepdad, not the family, and for some reason my mom wants me to stay home with my sisters. My sisters are 19,17,15, and 6. They are well last old enough to care for themselves for on night. When I questioned her about this, she said she was worried because my 19 year old sister has work that night. I feel like I have been manipulated into telling my mom that I would leave later so that now I look like the bad guy telling her I’m not going to babysit her kids on the 27th. I told her that I am an adult and that this is ridiculous, but she’s upset and won’t leave her room, saying that Id messed up her christmas. My grandmother is with my mom, saying that I shouldn’t be prioritising my boyfriend over my family, but I really don’t see it that way. AITB?
58	adjudicated	NTB	Im 22 and i live with my dad and his girlfriend. After i finished school i finally got a job that paid enough for me to both pay my own personal bills (like my credit cards, car and pet insurance, and school fees) and start paying bills around the house. Neither forced me to do it either, i just offered to start pitching in. I picked up the phone and internet/tv bill (two separate services) which put me at 320$ a month. Once the “keys” were handed to me, i found that my dad and his gf had crazy interest, late unpaid payments and late fees tacked onto both bills, a combined 400$ for both fees. They were seriously inflating the monthly charge. They had no idea because they only paid over the phone/in person and never online where they could see the charge breakdown.So i paid off all the overdue crap which cut the monthly charge down to a mere 150$ a month. I was pumped. And then i stopped being pumped because i made the mistake of telling my father that i managed to cut down the price and after like an hour of trying to convince him that it was a self inflicted charge, and not that they were being overcharged or that i cut their services, he got annoyed that i “got away” with picking the cheapest bills, even though he suggested i pick those two so i could even dream of putting away some money for savings. I offered to pay a small portion of another bill like the water or electric (bc i definitely cannot afford to foot the whole charge) and reminded him that i pay for all of the “fun” services like Netflix and food/grocery delivery that they enjoy daily. He let it go but i feel bad lol. 
292	adjudicated	YTB	My best friend of 10 years and I are both 21, we moved in together at 18. She has been too dependent on me which may be because she has autism. However, we are both the same age and planned on finishing college together. One year into college she failed out because she refused to go to class or do any homework, and we stayed living together while she got a full time job at walmart.   However, I have to beg her to do anything at all in the home. Washing dishes, sweeping, and cleaning the litter boxes for our shared cats is all she has to do daily for the home but half the time I have to remind her multiple times and it causes arguments. I have to drive her to and from work and budget her money for her because otherwise she will spend it all and we wont have enough for house supplies and food and gas, which has happened multiple times.   She yelled at me and would not allow me to help her with choosing her health insurance, and when she obviously messed it up, she came into my room and stole my medication for herself while I was away. Its to the point where I hold her bank card so she wont use it all the time. I ended up getting facial paralysis due to stress because I am still a full time student and my partner has cancer, in addition to me needing to plan and execute all things related to the cats and the apartment.   When I was in the hospital for a week due to paralysis, I came home to the house smelling like cat piss and the cats has used the bathroom in the kitchen because she refused to clean the litter boxes while I was in the hospital but lied and told me she was taking care of them. I spent my first night home from the hospital cleaning the entire house because I am a clean freak and was disgusted at the neglect of the household chores and the cats.   Now, I am physically unable to do everything I used to do for her such as driving, and I get dizzy doing the home chores, and I am starting to want to leave the friendship all together. I am graduating college in May and I don't want this much stress in my life anymore. I told her if she continues to be so irresponsible, i.e overspending the budget and/or not doing her chores list without being asked, we will have to get rid of her cat because she has proven she is unable to care for the cat and I cannot physically do it anymore.   After giving her cat away, if her irresponsibility continues, we will have to not live together anymore and I will have to leave her by herself. Any time I try to hold her accountable, she turns into a toddler and has a mental breakdown and blames everything on autism. However, I don't think autism makes someone incapable of doing 3 chores and only spending cash from a specific envelope of expendable income. WIBTBH if I had to follow through with giving away her cat while keeping my own cat? 
195	adjudicated	NTB	My (22NB) Dad (49M) was adopted as a baby. I've never spoken to him about it because it felt like an awkward subject to bring up.  I've been looking at DNA kits since I was 16, I have multiple chronic health problems and I'm curious to know if there's a genetic component to it  since half of my DNA is basically a mystery. I'm also at an age where I'm thinking about having kids in the not so distant future and I want to know if there's anything genetic I should worry about.  I think I'd rather do it without asking and deal with potential consequences later since I'm low contact with my dad and paternal grandparents but I also don't want to destroy the relationships I do have.  If I did happen to match with anyone I'd like to get to know them. I know they're not 'family' but they're genetically linked to me and my close family is small (4 grandparents, 2 parents, 2 uncles and a brother) so I think it would be cool if I discovered someone related to me on that side but I think the chances are pretty small.  I've spoken to my mam and she didn't know how my dad would feel but said it might be best to wait for my grandparents on that side to pass on. They're in their early 80s but incredibly healthy and active and I don't want to wait until after I've had kids to discover negative genetics so WIBTBF if I did it without telling them?
254	adjudicated	YTB	UPDATE: I talked to him after I posted this. He said he’ll be more mindful about the shared items in the future… but I’ll also take your suggestions and put it on a separate plate! Thanks everyone!!  —-  We got take out/delivery for dinner (I paid.) We ordered from a local burger joint that we both really like. The combo came with 1 double cheeseburger, 1 single cheeseburger, 1 XL poutine, 1 dessert and 2 drinks. While ordering, I asked if there was anything else he’d like to add. He said no, and he thinks that’s more than enough.  He had the double, and I had the single. Poutine and dessert to be shared. Before he even took a bite out of his burger, he ate 1/3 of the poutine. I had one bite of the poutine at this point.   He finishes his burger, and starts eating the poutine quickly. He ate the poutine so fast, that I probably had a total of 10-15 fries. He finally stopped when there was one cheese curd/fry left and asked if I wanted it. I was annoyed at this point and said no.  I love fries, and he knows this. This isn’t the first time he pretty much ate everything and didn’t stop to share. Sometimes it honestly feels like I have to eat quickly or else I won’t get to eat any.  So reddit, WIBTBF if I tell him to stop eating so much?
119	adjudicated	NTB	So I (28F) work from home, and I just started a new job. The past few months have been a whirlwind: I was laid off on my birthday and spent December applying and interviewing. I thankfully got a much better job that I just started in January, so I am only 3 weeks in. It's a lot of work so far and I am in meetings or training all day, so I have very little downtime. To be clear, there was never a gap when I wasn't working - I went back-to-back from one job to the other.  My bf (32M) commutes every day. But since I started my new role, so far he has hardly worked one full week. One time he overslept and was late twice in the same week. Another week he called in sick two days in a row. He wasn't actually sick, he just wanted to take time off because he could. In the other weeks, he has already taken a couple of vacation days. And today he called in sick again because he was tired, even though yesterday was a holiday.  His boss is his cousin, so I feel like he isn't as afraid of consequences. He says that it's his work's policy that if you call in sick for 2 consecutive days, it only counts as one day. So I'm dreading that this means he'll be calling in tomorrow as well.   I've been thinking about it, and this sums up why it bothers me:  1. I know it's his home too, but I have to admit that it does bother me that he's always at home. I look forward to my work days when I have our tiny apartment to myself and can concentrate and be productive. And now he'll be cooking bacon and playing video games five feet away from my desk when I'm in a meeting with my boss this afternoon.   2. I desperately need some space. It feels like we're always together and it's grating on my nerves. We just spent the whole long weekend together! He never leaves the apartment except to go to work. So now to keep my peace of mind, I'll have to leave after work to be alone. 3. It feels like he is very unmotivated. He uses his days off to sleep all day. And it's not like he doesn't get enough sleep. He regularly gets 8 hours a night, and on weekends he is always sleeping till 1pm. Tiptoeing around someone who is always asleep is not fun.  I don't know if this is fair to feel so annoyed. AITBF?   
159	adjudicated	NTB	Recently I wanted to dye my hair because I wanted to experiment with my looks ( 14F) , So I bought bleach and dye in the color pink with my own money to dye it . In the past my mom always had this weird obsession with controlling with how I dress and look so it doesn't attract " men " ever since of a situation a few years back  with my father. She never had a problem with me  asking to relaxing my hair since its "kid like " and it wouldn't damage my hair ( which is complete bullshit ) . So I dyed it , and when my mom found out she went on a rant and started calling me a s... and saying that I deserved to get bullied at school for my hair and that im never grateful for her and that she should be the one getting herself all and dolled up because shes grown and im not and im "asking for it " ???and im litterally queer...She refuses to provide me food and money as a puishment
363	adjudicated	YTB	   today was my (F18) boyfriend's (M18) big day, to see if he got an oxford unversity offer. i knew this ages ago, and was planning on being extra nice to him.  today he got rejected, and asked if he cld walk me home at 12.40PM. i said yes, naturally, because, why not? hes my boyfriend.  he asks to go get food, and i say if we are quick, because i had just spoken to my mom said she had just cooked food for me, as i was planning to be home for 1pm, and i said i would be home in 20 minutes, but realistically pushing that to 30 or even 40 would not be the worst.  we go to get him food, and we chat and he eats, i text my mom at 1:20PM that i might be an extra 20 mins because i was talking to my bf who wasn't feeling too good about his oxford rejection, which she is ok with.  we leave at 1:40PM and just miss the bus, and my bf says he wants to walk so 'its fine'. natually im already getting stressed, my mom is strict and i have already kept her waiting long enough, and another bus stops, but my bf doesnt make any indication of wanting to get on, so we dont. instead we walk home, all the way, and we each excuse ourselves of fault here.  at the beginning of the walk, i made it clear i wanted to take the bus back, and even mentioned this on the way to the restaurant we went to, and my stress and personal anguish got the better of me. i blamed him for making me so late, and told him it was his fault, and if we had taken the bus like i had said i wanted to, i think it would have maybe been ok. i blame him for this and i feel like i wasnt very nice to him. we see and walk by another bus, and neither he or i say anything about getting on, all he says is '\[bus name\] is taunting you lol' and laughs.  later on in the walk i got irritated, but realised that i was taking out my anger on him, so i told him i want to walk in silence so i don't yell, as i worry about my mom, but not before guilting him about how mad my mom is going to be.  before he leaves, i hug and kiss him and tell him i love him, and apologise for making this all about me, and he says its fine because im going to get in trouble anyways, so i should just hurry up and get home.  he says i should have said i wanted to get on the bus, and i say its his fault for not indicating he was ok to. i end up getting home at 2.40PM, and i blamed him on this day that i know was meant to be about him. now he is angry with me, saying i always apologise and he feels like it wasn't his day but about me, which i was apologising for in the first place, and said that i never seem to change, AITB?
289	adjudicated	NTB	Links to last update (op is linked in that post): https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheButtface/comments/193mryv/  Ladies and gentlemen, significant progress has been made.  Again, I want to thank everyone for their help and input, but specifically I’d like to thank u/CaptColten for some of his comments he made that helped verbalize how I was feeling.   A few days after our last talk she asked me to talk again after work so that’s just what we did. We discussed the cycle that we were in, I was able to I think pretty clearly illustrate how we are in a cycle of spending less time together-&gt;having less sex/unfulfilling sex-&gt;spending less time together etc.   After this talk it felt like we were understanding each other better. I felt like I had a better grasp on her feeling and she had a better grasp on mine.  A day or 2 later she ASKED ME how I was feeling about sex later that evening. I was stunned, as this is not something I’d expect from her. I told her maybe, we will see how I feel later.   Later that evening, for the first time in years if not ever, she legitimately initiated. I don’t want to go into detail as this isn’t the place for it, but I’ll just say it made me feel wanted, it made me feel so desired, validated, LOVED! It lead to the absolute, without a doubt, best sex we’ve ever had.  The next day we talked about it again. I’ll tell you the same analogy I told her. I told her love is like a cup. When you do something that makes your partner feel loved, it’s like pouring a little water in their glass. The less water in your glass the harder it is to give water to your partner. Before when we had sex once a month it felt like an ounce of water in my cup. My cup feels like it’s overflowing right now.   I don’t know if that makes sense to everyone, but it makes sense to me, and seems to make sense to her.   We had sex again 2 days later.   It’s been 4 days I think since we last had sex. A month ago it’d be all I could think about. Now it seems like the least important thing in the world. A month ago going on a date or hanging out with my wife felt like a chore. Now, all I want to do is spoil her and spend as much time as possible with her.   We still have some stuff to figure out regarding our relationship with sex, but it feels like we are finally on solid ground. Like we finally have an understanding of each other that we can use to solve these problems in the future. That feels so good.   Thank you again everyone for the help. Hopefully no more updates are needed after this!
382	adjudicated	NTB	They have 2 cats and 2 dogs that they leave outside all day. In my city cats are not allowed outside at all unless leashed. It's a mom that doesn't work full time and a 21 y/o daughter that doesn't work or go to school. The daughter claims she has mental heath issues and can't take good care of the animals and that her mom has an alcohol problem so they're "doing their best".  They also had a broken fence so their dogs would be in our yard digging, pooping, and destroying stuff almost every day.  My hubby has fixed the fence numerous times over the past 3 years. There were 4 broken pickets. I confronted the daughter about the dogs tearing up our yard and she said "I'm doing my best, I have mental health issues and my mom let's all the animals out  when she's drunk because she doesn't know better. We can't afford a $10k fence." I explained that replacing the 4 pickets would be less than $40 and if she purchased my husband would fix it.  Hub has helped these 2 out a lot with no thanks or anything.    We have no fence and there's direct access to a parking lot and highway from our house. I don't want the dogs to get hit so the last time they were at our house I called animal control. They had the fence fixed the next day. Turns out we aren't the only ones who called. They've already been to court and got an almost $800 fine for the same thing.   AITB? Because I've been called a Karen because of this
237	adjudicated	NTB	Hey everyone!  I posted on this subreddit a few days ago regarding my friend B.  To break it down, B has repeatedly disrupted my student worker job as well as other things such as:  - Peer pressuring me into going to their party by chasing me down at work &amp; not allowing me to work until I said yes - Loudly asked about my medication &amp; why I take it, in front of a lot of students while I was working at an event (just had the bottle in my hand, preparing to go to a different room)  - Blocking my wheelchair insisting that I needed help when I answered that I didn’t &amp; thank you for offering.  Short version but the gist for those seeing this one.    After taking some of the advice on here, I have decided to explain my boundaries to B &amp; also inform B that if these continue, I’d have to inform my supervisor as it is disrupting my work.   B’s response has made me consider not wanting to invite B to my grad party.  I’ll explain.  After I sent those messages (about 3-4 at most), B read the messages, ignored everything that I said &amp; then tried following my social media account again (it’s private &amp; I don’t feel comfortable right now).  Well just recently I am beginning to send out my grad party invites for my graduation in May.  However while I was trying to plan out the invite list, I immediately thought of not inviting B.  I have my reasons  from those above &amp; including that whenever I talk to anyone that’s a student (never staff or faculty), B comes up, acts like they don’t exist &amp; interrupts.  Though I don’t think it feels right to exclude B…but I also want to be able to enjoy my graduation party.    My senior year has been extremely rough as I’ve had medical testing, got diagnosed with a severe chronic illness called POTS, &amp; now am getting testing for other things that are going on.  Not including fighting for my proper accommodations as well as leaving school for 2 months &amp; having to teach myself 5 classes, still passed which matters though.   It’s safe to say that I am not really in a place to go back &amp; forth as well as play games with anyone in general.  Plus graduating is a huge milestone for me &amp; I don’t want B to interrupt any of my other friends that make time out of their schedules to be there (which I truly appreciate).  Is there another way to go about this instead of just flat out nothing inviting B?    I’m just stuck on what to do.
470	adjudicated	NTB	I (20NB) have had a strained relationship with my dad (53M) for as long as I can remember. He’s not a bad father, he’s not a deadbeat and cares about my well-being. However, when is was around 9 my parents got divorced due to an affair my dad was having. This event has shaped me in many ways as a protector of my mother (53F) who was emotionally devastated and to have a resounding hatred for cheating behavior. Despite this I would still semi-frequently see my dad. As I age, I find myself feeling less and less comfortable being around him, not just because of the divorce, but because I am not really able to be myself around him out of fear of making him upset or disappointed with the person I am. He’s never been abusive in any way, but is a fairly traditional guy who can get pretty heated. I’m in college now and at the beginning of the semester I stopped trying to talk to him and sent a text saying that I needed space  and that, despite our differences, I still loved him, as he’s my dad. He said he understood. Now Christmas is upon us, and he has been texting and calling a lot. I have ignored these texts and calls, but do feel a bit bad, as it’s Christmas time and I don’t want to make him sad on Christmas. However, would the situation just become more awkward? I really don’t want to see him but he wants to see me…. it’s so complicated and I don’t know if I’m the buttface for not seeing him or not. Hes not in town often so it’s not like he’s always here, but hes here now for Christmas. Sorry if this is all over the place, this has been weighing on me and i’m not sure if it’s a shit play…
469	adjudicated	EAB	To get this horrendous fucking story started, I'm a 16(M). Assuming you read the title you might be asking "Oh well who's the person crushing on you???" we'll get to that later. This story starts at my lovely school in California, outside of my Geology class. I'm talking to my bestfriend and she randomly stops and pulls out her phone, she shows me a screenshot of ... lets call him "Dominick" (15m) saying he likes me. He realized who he was saying it to (My bestfriend) and begged her not to show me. I stared in awe, since at this time I wasn't openly gay and very closeted because of the homophobic setting at my school. I asked her "When did he say this.." and she said yesterday when they were talking. I didn't know what to do since I didn't reciprocate the feelings but I also was feening for a man. I pulled out my phone and texted Dominick "Wsp" and started a really dry conversation with him that basically felt like exchanging air quotes with a brick wall. (Understandable though since he was probably nervous.) The day goes on and nothing really interesting happens, *the next day though...* I found out that Dominick threatened **and I quote** "I'm going to be stxrsis' ass". I was so shocked I didn't know what to say, but I just convinced myself that someone was spreading rumors and I got grapevined. But it turns out *that was not the case!* I texted Dominick after I got learned of him threatening me and he said "I was joking lmao". I decided to brush it off, until he said it again. This is when I decided "how much am I going to let this little twink fw me???" I confronted him and said "stop joking about that shi it isn't funny. Istg if you say smth like that again I'll fuck u up". To be fair, I shouldn't of confronted him like that but I was at the center of alot of controversy for weeks and I was tired of being threatened by random people. I walked away like a bad bitch, and the next day my bestfriend tells me that he threatened me again! I didn't even care to check if it was a rumor, I walked up to him and started swinging, he ended up on the floor and I ended up not going to school for a week. The End.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
223	adjudicated	NTB	I started therapy a few months ago and one of the things my therapist suggested is journaling. I didn't think it would help but I started it and find it surprisingly useful. I live with my partner and we both work from home so I find it hard to get time when I'm alone to journal so what I've been doing is sitting at the dining room table which is near our sofa and journaling there on a night.   This means I'm in the same room as my girlfriend but we're not sat together since journaling is private and I don't want anyone else to see what I've written. My girlfriend commented that she thinks it's weird and secretive that I'll sit with my laptop angled so she can't see what I'm doing.   I mentioned that she knows I'm doing stuff for therapy but she just repeated I'm being secretive and suspicious. She asked to see what I was doing and I just repeated that she knows it's private and that I don't want anyone else seeing it.   She said I was clearly hiding things and I just mentioned that she knows what I'm doing and that she isn't entitled to read it.   AITB for not wanting to show her what I'm doing on my laptop?
466	adjudicated	NTB	My bf is working as a marketing manager and is in charge of overseeing advertisements and social media posts for companies. His main job is to act as a middle man and communicator between his clients and web designers to ensure that the web designers under him understands his clients needs and posts everything on time for his clients. I understand his job can be stressful and demanding, especially for clients who can be quite difficult. However, the main issue now is that the web designers team under him always have issues meeting deadlines etc, even after repeated reminders from my bf. In the end, it was my bf who have to take care of the jobs the designing team have difficulties to complete and help his clients design social media posts and websites in their place. The worst thing is, he also didn’t get the credit for what he had done, and his clients all thought that the designer team is doing a good job, when by right, it was my bf who did the job for them. Sometimes, my bf would still be on his phone doing the jobs that is by right is not his responsibility during our dates. I kept advising him to try chasing the designers under him and be more firm with them and let the designers clean up their own messes if they did not manage to meet the deadlines. However, he said that he is worried if he did that, the clients would be unhappy and leave. I know I should be supportive of my bf instead of getting irritated, but the amount of work he had to do is affecting our dates etc. I guess the main worry I have is that my bf would make it a habit and in the future, if we do get married and have children, he would still be on his phone and laptop most of the time to do work instead of spending time with the family. I did try talking to him but I noticed whenever his phone start to buzz to indicate new messages etc, he will give a stressed look and I knew that he probably have the urge to check his phone for the message even when he said he won’t do any work things during that date. I feel guilty about asking this question, since a gf have to be supportive of her bf no matter what. But I really see no point in doing work that my bf won’t get the credit for and the designers should be the one to settle their own problems and not expect my bf to clean up their messes all the time. But yes, the main reason why I feel so irritated is that I feel that minimally on our dates, my bf should forget about work for that period of time and just focus on spending time with me. Am I being too selfish and am a BF for wanting my bf to not do work during our dates, even though I know his jobs can be stressful and demanding sometimes?
276	adjudicated	YTB	Im a bit beside myself and kinda wanna just lean towards leaving this whole situation alone.  Basically, Friday night I caught the janitor stealing food from the company. He took microwave bags of popcorn, tea, sugar and some canned sausages from the break room(It was laid out on the countertop and you could tell because his pockets).. I walked in and seen him trying to put them in his pockets and he froze and looked at me. I acted like I didnt notice but I can't help but think this could be a problem in the future if he starts taking people's actual food.   Should I just pretend like I didnt see anything then in the event someone's stuff comes up missing, I tell, or should I just play like I dont know? Would I be the buttface if I said something?
444	adjudicated	NTB	I (15F) had a bestfriend Josh (17M) for just under 14 years. hes parents were best friends with mine so we would often see each other a lot. sadly due to Covid I wasn't able to see him for about a year. after covid passed we decided to meet up again, this was around Christmas time 2022, this would make me 14  and him 16.    when we arrived everything was pretty normal, we made jokes and had lots of fun, we spoke like we saw each other yesterday. it was pretty hot out and I did bring my swim suit so we decided we would walk down to the pool and our parents didnt mind. he lived in a complex so we could safely walk down to the pool, this also meant that the pool was far from where our parents were but I didnt see this as a problem at the time.      we swam and spoke about shit and after some time he got onto the topic of his girlfriend, she lived over sees and they met through discord (i personally dont think she existed/ he might have been getting catfishes) he spoke about how they had gotten into a fight about something I dont remember and he tells me "I wanna ask you something but can you keep it a secret" I told him I could as I wasn't thinking anything bad. he then got closer to me  and ask me to help him with his cucumber. I immediately told him no way and he asked me why not! I told him I just dont want to and I dont need to give him a reason,  he then told me he was only joking and to relax, but I'm positive he wasn't joking. I tried to be calm and i kept telling myself it was just a joke. we moved onto another topic and I slowly started to forget about what he asked.      fast forward to 3 hours later, I'm sat in his bedroom and we are playing Minecraft and talking. He got back onto the topic of his girlfriend again and long story short he ended up asking if he could grab me in my special place. I told him no and again he asked why, I told him I dont owe him a reason and I dont want to be touched. He went silent and I began to realize the situation I was in.      he is twice my size, height and triple my weight, his door was locked and his curtains were closed, his window also had burglar bars. I dont think he would have taken advantage of me but to be in that situation and that setting as a girl scared me. I sat there in silence and almost like a godsent my mother knocked on the door, he unlocked the door and my mom asked if we wanted anything to drink. he was about to close the door after saying no but I said I needed the bathroom.      I managed to leave and I whispered to my mom to ask us to leave as I was super uncomfortable. When we got home I messaged Josh telling him off for everything he did and said to me, I then blocked him. I also told my mom and dad about it, knowing my dad would fly of the handles. he messaged his parents everything he had said too me.      now in 2023 I was telling one of my newer friends this story and she told me I was way to harsh, but I dont think I was.   Am I the butthole??
248	adjudicated	NTB	So for context, my roommate and I are both in the same major and have multiple classes together. But he is kind of a slacker and doesn’t do well academically as I do. I know that because last semester he complained a lot about his grades, which were often lower than mine. Throughout last semester and the beginning of the current semester, I haven’t really seen him in the room. I would assume that he’s out partying or going off on excursions. I, on the other hand, typically spend my week doing homework and studying - or watching movies. It’s obvious that he and I are two very different people, lol. During the times when I do see him, he often asks me to help him with the homework. Thanks to me, he does well on the homework but flunks all the exams because yes, you guessed it: he doesn’t study for them.  So, to get to the point: about a few hours ago, I finished all my homework for the week and decide to watch a movie before going to bed. As I’m nearing the end of the movie, my roommate returns home and sits down at his desk. He asks me if I finished my homework yet and I told him yes, and then he asked if I could help him with it. I told him that I didn’t feel like it. He asked me why and said that since I finished it, it should be easy since I know all the answers and we can get it over with. I got annoyed and said that he should figure it out on his own. He got annoyed as well and demanded why I had to make things difficult. And that’s when I launched into a long-winded rant:  “Hey man, you had this coming to you. You don’t realize that getting 100s on the homework isn’t enough to pass classes? The exams affect your grade much more! You had several opportunities to improve last semester and dismissed all of them, and it seems like you’re going to repeat that this semester. Why should I waste my time helping someone who won’t even help himself? And just to be clear, you’re not even entitled to my help. With the way you are now, you’re going to fail the classes and waste your parent’s money, and that’s not going to be my problem. I suggest that you ether get your shit together or drop out, because I’m not going to help you with homework anymore, period.”  He got real quiet when I finished talking. I assumed he wasn’t expecting me to rant to him like that, but at the time I thought it was necessary because he was starting to get on my nerves. I assumed he was done talking and went back to watching my movie. He turned off his light and went to bed without another word.  It’s almost 5:30 AM where I am and I’m still awake because I’ve been heavily debating if I crossed a line or not with what I said. I don’t know if I should apologize to him or not, because while I acknowledge that I may have been a bit harsh, I also feel that he deserved that harshness given the circumstances. I was honestly just frustrated that he wasn’t learning from his mistakes.   I’m not sure if I am the buttface or not and I would really like some outside perspectives, thanks! Now I'm going to go get some shuteye.
251	adjudicated	NTB	I am 18yo who lives in the United States who talked with people over Google chat who solicited me to commit a crime. Some are in different states but some are in the same state. I am afraid that they will try to harm people. I am also afraid I commited a crime by engaging with the people and will be embarrassed if my family found out and I would get arrested too.   My plan is to report the crime online and post screenshots on the report without revealing my identity. Have the police also arrest and charge these guys either if I do not say the address or if they track them down when I just post the screenshots too.  They were doing some drugs and I am afraid that they will sell them to a young person and ruin their life. They also tried to sell their body to me too. I was 17-18 at the time too. I have not talked to them in months too. I also met them on reddit. I am planning to use the reddit chats as evidence too.
45	adjudicated	NTB	 So i was walking today in the neighberhood around my new house , when i spotted this old guy inside the car chilling on his phone next to his house . So , I walked in front of his car and then I realized that I've forgot my airpods inside my house , so I walked back behind his car and then he noticed me and yelled at me for a talk. He basically started yapping about me being a trespasser for walking suspiciously infront and behind his car at the same moment . I explained that I was taking a walk and i forgot my airpods and i had to walk around back to my house . He didn't care and started saying that i have to show my ID or else hes going to report me to the police . I tried explaining that im new to the neighborhood and then I showed him where I live. He then asked to check my phone for my rescent calls history . And then he calmed down a bit and said that i got cameras installed in my house and i dont want to see ur face ever again infront of my house . He didn't call the police at last fortunately after I tried to calm the situation. Was me being a (foreigner) the reason for this or was he trying to get validation and attention out of this arguement ? 
110	adjudicated	NTB	   I (24F) am the oldest child in my family. I have three younger siblings. My closest sibling in age "Abe" (22M) and I have been estranged for about 3-4 years. Growing up in our household was equivalent to living in a minefield. Abe would have frequent violent and explosive outbursts for trivial things to my parents at least once a week. In these outbursts there would be a lot of horrible things said about/at my parents, myself, and our other siblings. Often there was violence. Abe frequently stole from people including members of his own family. He also had a fascination for weapons and my parents would often find weapons in his possession and take them away. When I was younger, I used to fear that he would kill us in our sleep. As far as I know, Abe has been diagnosed with ADHD and Depression, but in my opinion Abe has other mental health issues that have never been properly diagnosed. He has been institutionalized once and was in therapy for most of his teenage years.  Eventually I went to college, and did not really speak with him or interact with him. From what I heard back home, the outbursts did calm down when Abe was 17-19, but they did happen every now and then. Abe moved out abruptly in 2020, joined the military, and cut contact with the family. In 2021 he reached back out and was cordial with my parents. He made a few bad decisions during that time that did not help my opinion of him. He was deployed in 2022 and came back in 2023. He moved onto my parent's property in November. I saw him at thanksgiving but did not speak to him.  My Fiancé and I got engaged a few months ago. Even before we were engaged, I expressed to my fiancé and members of my extended family that I did not want my brother at my wedding. A month after our engagement at a dinner with me, my mother, and my youngest brother (Not Abe), my mother surprised me by asking about the "Elephant in the Room" by which she meant Abe. She expressed that she didn't understand why I did not speak to Abe and that he "didn't do anything to me" so I should forgive him and invite him to my wedding. I was surprised by this and upset that she said that. I couldn't really say much because I was so shocked and told her I would think about it. My parents are well aware of my feelings toward Abe and know that he makes me uncomfortable and has caused me anxiety since I was a teenager. My family has been working on their relationship with Abe and it seems to be going well. I am happy for my parent's to have their son back, but I frankly have no interest in him rejoining my life after how stressful my growing up was with him. My other siblings have been warming up to having him around, which I am neutral about. Maybe because I was older and still remember most of our childhood, I have no interest in being friends or friendly with him? AITB?
146	adjudicated	NTB	 I live with my girlfriend but last weekend I went out on a night out with my best friend. When we meet up I stay at his since he lives in a different town to me. We normally go to a few bars, maybe a club then go for food and go back to his.  Last weekend we ended up seeing some people we went to school with that we hadn't seen in years. We ended up joining them and spending most of the night catching up with them. We then all went to the club together and stayed until closing at 3am and then went for food.  I was messaging my girlfriend every now and then until around 10:30 when she went to bed when she went to bed. The next morning she asked how the night was and I explained that we met up with old friends and ended up staying out until around 4am. She said I shouldn't have stayed out that late and it's weird that I went to a club with the old friends since it was a mixed gender group.  I asked what she thought was wrong about it and she just said it was disrespectful towards her. I asked how it was but she just repeated that it was disrespectful. I said that all I did was hang out and catch up with old friends but she said I should have just had a drink then stuck to it being me and my friend.  I mentioned that I don't see a problem with joining up with friends when on a night out but she just repeated again that I was disrespectful and shouldn't have been out that late with the group of friends.  AITB for staying out late with friends?
7	adjudicated	NTB	 Repost from AITA because they have too many rules 🥲  I (F20) am in a relationship with my boyfriend (M20). Recently we haven’t been in a good place and we have been fighting quite a bit. I live abroad for school and long distance makes for quite a bit of miss understandings between the two of us.   Now onto the actual issue, while my boyfriend was here visiting me I found out has has been “venting” to his girl bestie (F22) about literally our entire relationship. He has literally been updating her on what I was saying in real time. Don’t get me wrong, it’s perfectly fine to went to your friends about issues in your life. However, in these messages it became apparent that they had been making fun of me. For example during a fight I had quickly asked him if he wanted bread while he was here as I was in the grocery store. They both apparently found this very entertaining, however that was one of the more mild things in these messages.   I was upset and said that I wanted to see these messages. He let me see them and I discovered hundreds of messages about me. He has told her intimate details about  us both, including what both him and I. (she has also told him about herself) He’s told her about my eating disorder that I’ve only had the currage to tell him about outside of my family. And the cherrie on top was that he said that I was such a horrible girlfriend that he should date his classmate (F20-something). Oh and he also called me a bitch.  Now she says that it infringes on HER integrity that I read those messages. Which had me confused, so it’s okay to tell her everything, literally everything about me without my knowledge or consent but her egging him on and saying that I am a bitch and asking for more private information about me from my boyfriend, that’s apparently completely fine.  So Reddit, am I the asshole?   Info:   Everything I read was the parts he showed me. I did not read any personal information about her. I had my bf full permission for this and he was next to me the entire time.
4	adjudicated	NTB	I made a post about this 2 months ago and now 2 different sets of neighbors are involved.  We'll call the girl behind me Suzy and the guy that lives next to her Kevin. The two of them are max 25 years old and live in homes owned by family.  Kevin and Suzy let their dogs go back and forth between their yards. Which is fine, I don't care what they do in their own yards.  Suzy has had holes in her fence that allow the dogs into our yard. I talked with her about it, they were fixed 2 months ago, and then Kevin's dog ripped out a picket which created a new hole. Kevin's dog was in our yard from about 4:00-6:45 with no one watching it. Animal control was closed and at 7 I called non emergency because the dog had been out around 3 hours roaming with no one watching it.  We can't have a fence on our property so there is nothing stopping the dogs from getting into the street or highway and getting stolen or hit. We live a block away from the highway. Kev and Suzy can't seem to grasp the concern or see the danger there.  We are also getting our yard chemically treated starting this week. We don't want their dogs coming over here getting covered in chemicals that could potentially poison them.  I'm also 5 months pregnant and I have had injuries to my ankles that make it difficult to balance when I don't have a belly sticking out throwing me off. I'm 4'11... the dogs aren't big but if they jumped on me with my inability to balance I would fall over and hurt myself and possibly my baby.   My mindset is that they have no idea what's going on in our lives, they don't know what's happening on our property. They should be taking reasonable steps to make sure their dogs are somewhere that they know is safe. My yard is not a dog playground. Yet I'm the bad person for reporting them to the city.   This has been a problem for a while, the previous owner of our house pressed charges in 2018. We've lived here since 2020. We've given them 3 years to figure out a solution before I contacted animal control months ago.  Anyway, I called the non emergency line last night and an officer went to Kevin and spoke to him and told Kevin not to come over to our house. Guess who is ringing my doorbell at 8:30, Kevin.   He gets in my face, raising his voice asking if we have a problem. I calmly explained the situation. He raised his voice until I threatened to call the cops again.  He left, I called the cops anyway because at this point he had trespassed and harassed me.  The cop came back to my house, told me I could have Kevin arrested for trespassing if he comes back and he went back to Kevin and explained that. Then my husband caught Kevin shit talking us to neighbors that aren't even involved.  AITBF for contacting the proper authorities to handle this?
285	adjudicated	NTB	   Hi, I know how the title sounds but please hear me out!  I (NB18) had dated my ex (M19) for three years. I already know our relationship wasn't the best but we were just kids and so i *did* not have any negative feelings towards him and we remained best friends.  When he and I started dating he introduced me to his friend (now F17) and her and I hit it off. She became my best friend quickly and she was constantly reassuring me that she would "never date my (at the time) bf because he was like a brother to her AND she ONLY LIKES WOMEN".  I never worried about her because she claimed to be a lesbian the three years my bf and i were together. This summer my ex and I were really close to getting back together until she came to me and said that she thinks she isn't a lesbian but bi (which is cool bc i am too) and she likes my ex.  Here's where I begin to believe I was the buttface, I told her that I would not be okay with them dating and that would ruin our friendship but I wouldn't stop her if that's what she really wanted. She ended up calling me an buttface and claiming that I had apparently "told her that it was okay if she dated him" which I hadn't.  She also told me that I was trying to make myself a victim because she started talking to him.  They have now been dating officially for a month so I cut them both off, I didn't block them because if they really need me I'll be there, but am I the buttface for letting this ruin two friendships?
207	adjudicated	NTB	I (18 enby) had a friend, who I'm gonna call L, since the 8th grade. I wouldn't say we were really close friends-- I didn't even consider her a best friend-- but when we were at school, we always hung out, even when we got into high school and didn't have that many classes together anymore. Well, starting this year, our senior year, I've noticed L hanging out with this girl, who I'm gonna call Donna, more and more. Obviously, I had no problem with it. L has a lot of different friends. It wasn't uncommon to see her hanging out with said friends.  But throughout the first semester of school, I've noticed L would stop waiting for me to get off the bus in the morning (L, Donna, and I ride the same school bus) and only wait for Donna, and then during break, L wouldn't stick beside me anymore. She would rush to find Donna. I tried to remain close to L, but I would get constantly ignored and talked over.  What really broke me and made me decide on distancing myself was the last full week before Christmas break. Donna wasn't at school for the entire week, so L waited for me to get off the bus in the morning AND stuck beside me during break. But then, the last two days before the break, Donna was back, and L stopped waiting for me.  In my eyes, I became that friend you hang out with when your main friend wasn't around. It was exhausting. L would only pay attention to me when Donna wasn't around.  So, AITB for distancing myself?
80	adjudicated	NBH	I (73M) am in the middle of clearing out my late parents' house, and there's a lot of emotion involved in the job. My mom and dad moved here 71 years ago when I was just two, and this is the house where  I and my younger brother and sister grew up. My mom died seven years ago at 93, and my father lived here on his own until last October when he passed at an even one hundred.  This morning I found a locked suitcase among my father's effects. It wasn't just secured by the suitcase's built-in lock; he'd  managed to add a big combination lock to its defenses. This was very unlike my father, who kept boxes and boxes of letters and files and never displayed the slightest concern about security. So the lock piqued my curiosity and I started to wonder if there were any way to open the suitcase without damaging it.  I needn't have worried – as soon as I picked it up, the ancient suitcase fell apart in my hands. The cardboard back fell off entirely, spilling dozens of letters out on the floor. Every one was from my mother to her boyfriend and eventual husband, my dad. I haven't counted them all up but it appears possible that she wrote him a letter every day while he was away in the war.  The early ones were addressed to Pvt Bondigass at some stateside camp or other; the later ones to a Staff Sergeant  by that name somewhere in Europe. Apparently he'd saved every one from the time he enlisted until he came home.   I read just a few of the letters. My mom poured out her heart about the good and the bad things going on in her life, but always came back to one point: she loved this guy a whole lot and she missed him terribly. It's strange: I never knew those two young sweethearts; I just knew Mom and Dad. It goes without saying that I'll be saving these letters, but I'm not sure how many more of them I'll be reading. Part of me wants to simply find a new box and seal up the letters again, but I'm a historian by profession and I've always been eager to learn how living through the Second World War affected both of them. It seems to me that this trove of letters is a resource that shouldn't be wasted, but part of me wonders if I'd be a buttface for reading them.
217	adjudicated	NTB	 A few months ago, early September, I had an episode of psychosis, and became extremely paranoid of everyone and all of my friends. I truly started thinking that my friends were conspiring against me, and I had to stay with family while I was being put on medication to control the delusions.   My best friend at the time, let’s call her Nancy, reacted by blocking me on everything. She texted me and said she needed space, and then blocked me on every outlet, and still has me blocked. We have been best friends for nearly 6 years, and she recently gave me art and collages with notes saying I was her best friend and it was destiny that brought us together. The weekend this psychosis episode happened was my birthday weekend, and we had planned to go to dinner together.   I don’t know why she blocked me, but I’m feeling really angry about it, considering I have been there for her during many of her difficulties. She recently had been getting very demanding and asking me to give her my old iPhone for free, give rides to her coworkers, and said she’s the reason a restaurant by my house had considered hiring me.   AITBF?
82	adjudicated	JB	So last weekend me and my friends decided to go to the beach. One of the guys brought a spike ball net with him and we decided to play a few rounds of spike ball. While we were playing, a little kid wandered up to us. One of my friends asked if he wanted to play, and I immediately told him no because he's a tiny child playing with fully grown men and he could get hurt, and that he would force us to be more cautious and ruin our fun.  My friend asked what my problem was and I repeated that he's a little kid and should play with people his age and not a bunch of grown men and that he should go back to his parents. I said that I was going to find a life guard or beach patrol and ask them to help find the kid's parents because it looked like he had wandered over on his own.   AITB just for looking out for the kid? I didn't want him to play with us because 1) he would get hurt and 2) he would force us to not have as much fun.
3	adjudicated	JB	This is a PAST story that I think fits here. I'm not with this person anymore and it's been years since this happened  At the time, I (19F) and my Boyfriend (21M) were living together for 8 months, I will tell this story as if it's current   Let's call the boyfriend Cole. Cole had a large, mix breed dog (100+ pounds) let's call him Rex. Rex is a VERY good boy, very well trained. You could easily train him to be a service animal or police dog. Always followed commands, never stole food off your plate even if you left the room for 5 minutes, could bring a specific toy if you named it, and lots of other stuff.   Once Cole and Rex moved in, Cole suddenly stopped keeping up with Rex. Since Rex is a very high energy dog that needs allot of mental stimulation, this showed VERY quickly. Rex suddenly would ransack the garbage and scatter it everywhere, steal food off your fork before you could put it in your mouth, try to bite you if you came within a few feet of him if he was given a treat, attacked my cat by grabbing her in his mouth, thrashing and throwing her, and even jumped up and tried to eat my pet snake out of my hand.  Me and Cole kept arguing about this, I told him it was because he completely abandoned everything to do with Rex, he said it had nothing to do with the training and didn't know why Rex was acting like this. Cole insisted that I wanted Rex put down every time I mentioned bad behavior, but I never even referenced putting him down, even after Rex attacked my cat.  As time went on and Rex got worse, Cole started yelling at Rex constantly, no positive reinforcement for good behavior. He would even hit Rex, grab his collar and yell in Rex's face. I told Cole he needed to stop doing this IMMEDIATELY because I noticed Rex was starting to show signs of fear and anxiety. Cole said this was the "only way" and continued.  One day, Rex spread garbage all over the house and Cole was fed up. Cole grabbed the back of Rex's neck, slammed him to the floor, sat on top of him and yelled in his face. Rex growled because he was obviously very scared, and Cole smacked him in the face and kept yelling.  I started yelling at Cole to get off the dog, as soon as he did we started arguing. I told Cole this is abuse and would only make Rex fearful of him and that Rex wouldn't trust him anymore. Cole insisted this was simple discipline, and the only way to get the point across. Since Cole was sitting on the floor next to Rex, I grabbed the back of Coles neck, slammed him to the floor, and yelled "this is how your dog feels" in his face. Cole shoved me off.  Cole complained that entire week about how he felt like he couldn't trust me anymore after that, I insisted that it was "simple discipline to get my point across"  My mom, dad, sister and close friends agree with what I did to Cole since Cole never treated Rex like that again. Cole's mom said I should be in jail for what I did to Cole.
320	adjudicated	EAB	I work as a truck driver. I have a Monday - Friday job delivering to offices and warehouses. I also work the occasional Saturday at a different company delivering washing machines to people's houses.   Usually this is fine but occasionally you have to endure pretty messy, smelly places. Last Saturday I experienced a new level of smell. I was carrying a washer into a house with my colleague, the smell was so bad it made me dizzy and I started wretching. I couldn't handle it so I ran outside and vomited twice.   My colleague (who's been working this job for 30 years, and I assume this was why he was able to tolerate the smell) came out and berated me for refusing to help him. I told him I'm not going back in and I'd rather quit and get a taxi back home (we were 50 miles from my house and trust me i meant it) than go back in and face that demonic smell. Somehow he was able to handle the smell and finish the job alone while I waited outside, still heaving and feeling lightheaded.   As I said this is just an occasional job I do as overtime, but is a 30 year career for my colleague. This is why I (retrospectively) understand his anger. I could easily quit and fall back on my 9-5, but if he got into trouble he could be losing his only income stream.  So witb here?
491	adjudicated	NTB	Me and my partner were planning on staying in a hotel together on New Year’s Eve and New Year’s Day. I was really excited until he mentioned knocking on everyone’s doors at midnight. I explained to him that doing that will get us both kicked out and is inconsiderate to other guests, to which he said that since he paid for the room he can do what he wants. He also said that if I don’t like what he’s going to do then I could just stay home instead.  Frankly, I find what he said extremely immature. He’d rather go around disturbing people than have me at the hotel with him. His mam and stepdad even said that what he’ll do is a terrible idea, but he thinks he’s in the right and I’m just being controlling/trying to tell him what he can and can’t do. He has overall learning difficulties and I’m autistic, for context.  I’d appreciate any insight. Thank you.
346	adjudicated	YTB	Original: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheButtface/s/YvKTUNHZ4I  First of all thank you for all the reply’s on the previous post. Most of them were super helpful in figuring out how I wanted to continue.  It’s been a bit of a week.  The day after I posted I sat down with my wife. I told her that my relationship with sex feels unhealthy right now and I’d like to take a break from it for a little while. It was a long, mostly one sided conversation. I asked her if we could reconvene a month from now and see how we both feel. She agreed.   Edit: should mention that one of the main points of criticism I received on the last post was that ultimatums will not work and are unhealthy. I just want to make it clear that’s not what I did here.   My honest takeaway from this conversation was that it didn’t make me feel any better because she didn’t seem to care. She didn’t seem to care about not having sex, and she didn’t seem to care how I was feeling about it.  For most of the week after we talked I actually felt pretty good about it. I reached out to multiple local therapists for consults as many recommended, and I wasn’t feeling worried about sex coming up later.  Monday night roles around, it was my first long day of work of the new year. I crawled into bed a bit early as I was exhausted. About 10 minutes after laying in bed my wife immediately starts “initiating”.  This really took me by surprise as we had literally just discussed not doing this. I kept turning her down but she kept asking why and kept trying to touch me. I told her no I’m tired and we just discussed not doing this. That’s when she rolled over and didn’t talk to me for the rest of the night.  The next day after work we had our first argument ever. It wasn’t very productive, every time I tried to explain how I was feeling she kept saying “yeah but that’s a you problem not a me problem”. I don’t think she understood what I was saying or I wasn’t clear about how I was feeling. I’m hoping one of the therapist I reached out turn out to be a good fit. I’m hoping they can help me convey my emotions better.  All in all, this is still unresolved. Neither of us are happy right now. I’m hoping therapy helps.
387	adjudicated	NTB	Eversince we were teenagers my sister (30) and I (27F) have been very close. We had the kind of relationship where we could say anything to each other. There was only one secret I ever kept from my sister and that was that I am bisexual.   4 years ago I was finally ready to come out to her. When I came out to her she said she was "okay" with it. After that I felt she was holding back in our relationship. I gave her several opportunities to talk out any hang ups she was having about it but she always maintained that she was fine. When I would try to talk about a girl I was dating she would never really engage in the conversation. She would just say things like "Oh, that's cool" or "interesting" and not provide anyway to continue the conversation.   At the time I always just brushed if off because she was busy and going through a lot and I didn't want to make it all about me.   Last year she had her first child and a I flew out to meet my niece. One day while the baby was napping we got to talking and my worst fears were confirmed.   She told me that she believed that gay people shouldn't get married and that they should choose to be single because homosexuality is a sin.  I explained to her that while I understood belief I personally have found it really damaging and painful. She said the belief isn't homophobic it just means that gay people need to live differently. I told her that I have heard it all before and that I personally think it's homophobic because the fundamental belief behind it is that there is something wrong with gay people.   I explained to her that being taught these beliefs when we were kids had lead to the development of my depression and anxiety disorders and had taught me to hate myself from a young age and had lead to years of therapy.   At that point we reached an impass. I flew back home and cried the entire three hour flight back. Since then I never call her or have the long open conversations we used to have and she hasn't called either. We have had little contact beyond texting about family things.   A year later I visited my sister again. She pulled me aside and said she was upset that we weren't as close as we used to be. I told her we weren't as close as we used to be because of her personal beliefs about my sexuality. I said it is impossible to have the same relationship as we had before because she neither accepts nor supports me that means that I cannot be as open with her.   She said I was being intolerant of her religious beliefs and I explained that I tolerated and even accepted her beliefs but that she can't hold those beliefs and expect that we will be as close as we were before.    My sister brought other family members into it and they all say that I am being too sensitive and that I shouldn't damage our relationship over a "little difference in opinion". This made me wonder if I am the asshole for putting distance in our relationship.  Edit: Just to clarify she and the rest of my family don't oppose the legal right of lgbt people to marry. They think they should choose a life of abstinence. 
323	adjudicated	NTB	AITA for telling my bio dad that I want my mom(grandmother) to adopt me  Okay so for some context I’ve lived with my grandmother who I will be referring to as my mom for going on 10 years. My bio dad and my bio mom lost custody of me and my older sister due to them having drug addiction when I was around 5. The entire time I was with them I was never really taken care of or watch. They would both leave at day at a time and lock us out of the house, so we got to the point that we learned to keep the window to my older sister room unlocked just in case. There was just a lot of neglect but that’s a story for another day, so some I was in like 5th grade I’ve been wanting to tell him this but I never really had much reason for it. And recently I finally found it in me to tell him. My reasoning for this is because he’s never been a father too me for as long as I can remember and all of the things that he let happen to me under his watch he acted like wasn’t that big of a deal one of the biggest things being that he almost let my uncle kill me bc I walking in on them doing meth, so not a great start. Well here big the past 3 year since he got married his visits went from like 3-5 a week and lasting several hours to him visiting MAYBE once a week for 30 minutes to an hour. And for the past three months he’s only come over a max of 3-4 times. I know it might sound bratty but I really do want a relationship with him I just feel like he doesn’t want a relationship with me. Ever since he got married to his now wife and officially adopted her son I feel like I’m just a second priority that he might pay his child support to if he wants. Before he got married he was always over here and genuinely tried to connect with us but it really damaged our relationship after he got married to her and I didn’t find out about it until 3 days later. I know that I can’t be too priority because he is married and has an obligation to her but I know she doesn’t like me and that doesn’t bother me but he has missed all except for 2 of my XC and track meets combined bc he was at her kids gymnastics or karate I just fill like I was put in last place. He is Ben almost missed my beta induction bc he forgot and took his wife to a nail appointment. I wouldn’t mind it so bad but I haven’t been able to do one thing with just him me and my older sister since he got married . I think it’s also important to jot that I’ve been calling her mom for the past year and he yelled at me in front of my friends how it was weird and that I better not be calling her husband dad because he wasn’t my dad he was. After I told him that I wanted my mom to adopt me and that I wasn’t going to change my mind he said and I quote I will pray that you never need anything from me bc if you do I’m not going to be helping. So am I the butt face?
171	adjudicated	YTB	WIBTB if I acepted my girlfriend’s offer to allow me to sleep with other people bc of my insecurities? I (20M) have been with my girlfriend (22F) for a little over a year now. Throughout the year I found out that she was being dishonest, lying and hiding about who she has been with in the past. I told her immediately from the start of our relationship that I value and view sex as something that you do with someone who you care and you give them a part of you emotionally and physically so you do it only with people you love. sex is supposed to be special as you become tied with the others spiritually. because of that she told me that’s she been with only 6 people and i told her how she would be my 3rd but only because the first two where forced and i did not want it. no big deal everyone has a past so be it. we moved on from that. throughout the year she kept telling me more and more about the people who she was with and eventually surpassed 6. I confronted her because i don’t know why she would lie. she than made a list and over 20 people are on there (im 21st) had she been honest right away i wouldn’t have cared. but her past and what she’s done with others truly disgusts me. she lied about it and had me meet these people she’s done stuff with without me knowing their past hurts me. on top of that a few months later she was sharing out intimate details to her male  friends that i also later learned she did stuff with and wanted to be with. it broke me. but i loved her and just kept telling myself that her past is the past and to not let it bother me. i went to therapy but my therapist ended up thinking the same way i do and told me to really question why im with her. being young and in love im still with her. she has been poly in her past (not with me) and said in the beginning that if i wanted to sleep with other people i could (im bi). i said no bc im monogamous. i love her and i only want her. she constantly brings up these people she’s done things with and it can even be as small as when earlier today we went to verizon and she was pointing out a phone one of her friends she fucked has and how cool it is when they where around eachother. it’s completely unnecessary information she shares now just gets my mind running about the things they did. when i mention how someone on tv looks nice she goes “you know the rules 😉” meaning that she’s okay with me sleeping with people as long as it’s within her rules she established if i accepted. im tempted to tell her i want to sleep with other people bc i she makes me feel like sex isn’t special to her as to me im giving her my everything and in turn im just getting crumbs to everyone’s left overs bc of that i dont feel special and when i told her she continues to not do anything to make me feel special to her. i feel very unwanted. from the many conversations we had she recently told me that sleeping with other people might help me get over her past. WIBTB if i accepted her offer?
260	adjudicated	NTB	So. 👏. This is just recent. And I'd like some theories and opinions. Thx. So I just finished sweeping the carpets of my workplace for roughly an hour and a half straight. I just got down to dispose the stuff I swept up into my dustpan, and my Manager, let's just call him 'Unc' and he tells me 'Wait later I talk to you.' In a tone that I personally and historically know as the 'I've done wrong' tone. And I just don't know why is he unhappy, or possibly angry. FYI. He is the Younger Brother to another manager of another workplace I worked at, whom has a personal history I will not be sharing for privacy sake. But the long and short of it, they both have the common disliking towards 'my kind', to which in most cases is those born with Asperger Syndrome and People that are considered 'Young' not like children, but more rather, young adults. Back to topic. I'm both confused but also annoyed as I'm being scoleded for something that I have done wrong, despite I was somewhere else, doing my work, AITBF.  Edit &amp; Update: This has been belated by since yesterday. (I am tired. Not big surprise.) But TL;DR. He went off at me because I lock the toilet door. Despite most toilets, even in our own houses have locks, and when it's locked, it means it's in use, and yet he sees it as a reason to scold me for this minor reason when all toilets have locks to signify other people that it is in use. And he says it in a way to blame me as if I own it. I'm well aware it is a public toilet. And yet he wants to just drill back in the warnings when I have heard it once, and only on some occassions I am unwilling to listen again. I get the message Unc. May you leave me be. It's the break time.
128	adjudicated	NTB	I've been with my partner for around 4 years. When we first got together we said we both want one child and that we would start thinking about having kids when my girlfriend is around 30 and I'm around 34.   My view on this hasn't changed but last weekend my girlfriend sat me down and asked if we could talk. She said the more she thinks about it the less she wants to have a kid. I asked what had brought this on and she just said our lives would change too much. She want to still have nice trips without worrying about looking after kids and things like that.  I mentioned that wed still be able to go on holiday and have our parents look after the child occasionally but she said that's not enough. I asked if she was sure and she said she was. She said our lives will be a lot better without kids. I mentioned that my views have not changed and that I still do want to be a dad someday.   She asked what this meant for us and I just said if she was certain about not having kids then I'm not sure we're compatible anymore. She said I was trying to pressure her to change her mind and putting kids before her. I said that's not what I was doing and that I was pointing out that we want completely different things in the future.   She said I was clearly not serious about us and that it shows how I really feel about her.  AITA for wanting kids?
334	adjudicated	YTB	I have been with my partner for nearly 6 years now. We're talking about having children in the next few years. Neither of us really care about getting married so we have different surnames and even if we do get married my partner will be keeping her surname.   We were discussing children last night and she mentioned that any children we have will have her surname. I told her that's a decision we make together and since we have different surnames, the best thing to do is to have a double-barrelled/hyphenated surname.   She refused that since she said she doesn't like how they look and said it will be her name they get. I again reminded her that she doesn't unilaterally get to decide whose name our child gets and that it is only right for them to have both our names  She said I wasn't listening to her and that I should just leave it since she's made her mind up and I again pointed out she doesn't seem to realise it will be my child just as much as hers and it's not right to not also give the child my surname.   She accused me of pressuring her to do something she doesn't want. AITB for wanting my children to have my surname?
451	adjudicated	INFO	 Hello reddit, I'm (17F) and my half-sister (20F) wants to cut contact with our mother (38F). So, my situation is a bit interesting as both me and my sister Mia (not real name) don't live together, there are legal curcumstances for this which were beyond my mum's control. But, when my sister turned 18, I had gotten into contact with her. This was over on Instagram and Mia was happy to talk to me and our mother. Mum has tried to ask Mia if we can meet up with her (we live 4 hours away) and we have seen her twice. Now, Mia had reached out to me and said she wanted my opinion on cutting contact with our mum.     Before Mia was 18, we legally could not see her as our legal system had screwed us over, there's a lot of reasons for that, but I'm not 100% on what has happened. I'm just trying to remain unbiased. But, Mia told me that she wants to cut mum off because to Mia it feels like mum "flaunts me around more than her" which, yes I do understand it can seem like the case. But it isn't. I have seen that mum loves us both equally and that it can come across as favouritism because I live with mum, and she doesn't. Now, I said to Mia that I don't think it's a good idea to cut contact with mum personally.   Though, mum was made aware of this conversation with Mia because mum was in my room and she had seen the messages. Mum didn't know Mia had changed her phone number, the reason we knew was because we were told, and mum wanted to gift Mia a $25 gift card.     My dad now knows (42M) as I had told him because I didn't know what to do. I know that it's Mia's decision and she did want my advice. Though, I know Mia was told something by one of her family members as apparently mum had tried "to take my nan's credit for looking after me" which, mum never did. Mum has never said that Mia's nan didn't look after Mia or anything. And that mum contacts Mia when "it benefits her, or when she wants to look like a good mum" which, I have seen the text messages, that is not the case as Mia contacts mum for money and mum usually does give Mia that money, when she doesn't is because she can't afford to.     My dad is upset with Mia for wanting to cut contact as both mum and dad gave Mia opportunities to ask questions and anything she needs to know.     So reddit, AITB for telling my parents what my sister is planning on doing? 
403	adjudicated	NTB	I am going to give a lot of backstory. (Like more then the actual conflict) I’m a 15y gender-fluid person (afab) and I hold many reservations against my father. I think it all really started when I was super young, my father worked in a neighboring state and the distance was far enough that he would only make the drive home on weekend. what I remember from when he was home on weekends was the he was drunk and would argue with my mom a lot. he eventually switched jobs and came to live with us everything only got worse. My parents started arguing a lot more. he eventually started making comments about my looks (I was around 10). My parents eventually got divorced and my father moved out of the house and I started to see him less and less. His drinking got a lot worse and when I was around 13 he started making perverted comments about my body. Calling me hot and saying that my new haircut makes me look “fuckable” and even though it was only when he was hammered it made me start to hate him. only my older sister knew and she had only heard it once and thought it wasn’t that big of a deal. Eventually he realized he had a problem and went to rehab. I started to repair our relationship, I didn’t trust him but I could spend time with him now that I knew he was sober. But of course (as is part of sobriety) he relapsed and it was really bad. It brought up a lot of past traumas I had and it became harder to spend time with him. It all really came to a peak however when my dad temporarily couldn’t attend work and had to move his camper to a new living spot. This sent him spiraling. When me and my mom went to give him some of his belongings he was taking about unaliving himself and saying how he needed to help me do it too where he then tried to drive my moms car (presumably to kill us both) the only reason he hadn’t was because I had been smart enough to get out of the car when he got in. Need less to say that set in stone my grudge against him. That event was the thing that sent him into his current sobriety which had lasted and has been healthy. As proud of him as I am, I haven’t forgotten all that he did. I kept a distance but was cordial with him when we hung out and I almost never denied hanging out with him as long as it was a comfortable situation. Here’s where I may be the asshole. When talking to my sister the conversation went to my father my sister said something along the lines of “yeah I’m super proud of dad and him being sober” and my response was” yeah I am too but I still hate him for what he’s done” my sister got super pissed at me after telling me I was an asshole for saying that. I get that I kind of was but she had been praising him for so long even though she know what he’s done and I was tired of it. I just want some outside opinion here. What makes me feel like an asshole is that my brother who’s had to deal with my dad longer does not seem nearly as affected as I do and my mom told me I was blowing the incident in the car out of proportion and he wasn’t going to do anything. I just don’t know anymore.
99	adjudicated	YTB	I'm gonna leave genders and specific ages up in the air as they have  no relevance to the situation, but for some clarity's sake imagine us  all in late 20s or early 30s. Also, apologies for the rambling nature of  my writing, I have never been good at expressing myself through text.     I've found myself in a hard-to-navigate situation as my friend who likes to share their dating stories and encounters to me sent me a screenie out of the blue of my sibling, who is happily married, on a  dating app they both seem to use. My friend was absolutely shocked and asked me if I knew and all that jazz, which I did not know to be honest. At first my friend assumed my sibling was cheating on their marital partner, but noticed that they have an open relationship status included in the information - section of the app, as with other romantic and  sexual identities, which those I already knew of personally about.     Now, I'm absolutely NOT a conventional nor a socially normative person myself at all, so this to me personally has zero affect and I do not feel one way or another about it, to put it bluntly. I hope that  doesn't sound dismissive or mean. The problem I have is as follows; I'm wondering should I share with them that against better knowledge I have accidentally stumbled upon this information? Or should I feign  ignorance, or for the lack of better wording, just do nothing about it?  After all, it's not really my business, now is it? Why I'm thinking of talking about it is simply because if my sibling \*feels\* like they have  to hide it, in which case I assume it would be easier on them to know I don't need people to tiptoe around me and they can be themselves freely without restraints (though with an aromantic like me I don't think we would have many one-on-one discussions about relationships of such  nature anyways, which brings me back to not saying anything).     In short and less rambly way, here is my reasoning for either choice:     Tell them, because:   \- Showing openness about the topic   \- Me being honest and truthful about knowing of it   \- Letting them know that they can speak freely and not hide it     Don't tell them, because:   \- None of my business, quite frankly   \- Possible discomfort in being outed without consent   \- I don't know how and when to mention it   \- It might come off as me trying to seem "cool" by being overly supportive and virtue signaling     Thank you for taking your time to read this. I know it's not the most interesting thing ever, but I truly am at an impasse with myself  here.     Edit: Alright, I'll refrain from commenting on it. Thank you everyone for the comments and for being kind.
259	adjudicated	NTB	I'm a 14 y/o girl from Germany turning 15 next month. This is specifically about my grandfather. My grandfather used to take me onto his lap. He'd have this gross look on his face, as if he was about to drool. I only started noticing when I was five. Whenever the rest of the family left the room he'd take me on his lap and ask if I wanted to play a  game. Me being a little child, I'd say yes. He'd start playing with my hair, telling me how much I had grown and how pretty I was. Usually nothing more would happen since my family was never gone for long but one day when I was about seven years old my parents left me and my older sister at my grandparents house so they could have a couple vacation. That night my sister and grandmother where already asleep but I couldn't since my grandfather was standing in the door, watching us. I just pretend to sleep. Later that night I had to go to the bathroom. On my way back to bed my grandfather grabbed me from behind, picked me up and went to the living room. There he sat down on his chair and placed me on his lap. He said he was bored and wanted to play and that "granny is too old to play". I sat there quietly. He started his "game" again only this time he told me how much my body had developed and touched my chest. I still remember how he kissed my neck, how disgusting it felt. I wanted to run away but he was holding be down, grabbing my thigh. He told me that I was ruining the fun and that it was just a little game. I couldn't stop crying. I told him that I didn't like this game but he would just keep going. A little reminder that I was only seven years old. I don't remember the rest of the night and I'm pretty sure it's better that way. I really don't want to remember the things that old man did to me that night. Ever since then I'd avoid him but he'd keep finding ways to touch me and talk to me inappropriately.  When I was nine years old my whole family was having dinner together. I sat next to him. He'd have his hand on my thigh the whole time. These types of incidents stopped when I turned ten. On my tenths birthday he told me that I sadly was too old to play now. Even though he didn't touch me inappropriately since then it's still making me want to throw up every time I think about it. It's almost been five years but I don't want to face him. If anyone is gonna ask why I didn't tell my parents or anyone let me answer it. He is my mother's father and she loves him. My grandmother loves him. I love those two and I can't imagine how much this would hurt them. I want them to be happy. He is very old. He's gonna die soon anyway. I want them to believe that everything is normal so at least they can be happy. I mostly don't want them to know so they remember him as a good part of the family. I want them to keep the good memories they had with him. At least until he dies. So aitbf for not wanting to visit my grandparents?
369	adjudicated	NBH	 My (16m) brother (19m) was in his room with his boyfriend which is right next to mine. They where drinking  (just to excuse him a bit because he normally doesn’t act like this, also this was New Year’s Day to excuse the afternoon drinking)   I think they where watching movies and shit by the sound of it or had them on in the background or whatever, they started singing along to Can you feel the love tonight, which I think you understand the cringe 😬 🤮   So I record it and intend to send it to him at the time just for a laugh but forget about it until I find it in my camera roll today and send it to him, in the same message I call him gay for knowing the full song (we joke like the regularly don’t think I’m homophobic)   He gets REALLY mad at me for recording him and starts having a real go at me for it and being angrier than he really had any right to be.   Like no harm was done? He just has to listen to what I did 😂. I get he’s embarrassed but surely he should be mad at himself for that?
370	adjudicated	NTB	 When I was 15 in sophomore year, I had a friend [15M] Johnathan who was dating a senior [18F]. They “dated” in our sophomore year. I out dated in quotes because for for some odd reason they refused to associate with each other in school. But they were in a relationship according to my friend.   Johnathan used to flirt with me at the lunch table saying I was cute and “fine”. Either I eat in silence or said that I would tell his girlfriend (empty threats).he also flirted with me on snap, but I did causally remind him of his girlfriend but casually bringing her up in conversation, and then he would stop.  However, he was very touchy with me. Where I went wrong is I gave him hugs back. So we really did hug a lot when we saw each other as I was also a touchy person who hugged everyone, but I don’t think I should’ve hugged a taken man that much and should’ve told him to stop. I did think he was cute and I explicitly remember er me telling my Online friends how I thought he was cute but did not want to come between anything. however and almost felt myself starting to develop a crush until this happened:  My friend then told me he was trying to line me up as a second choice by his own confession and I was so mad and hurt.  So ig here is when I realized what he was doing and my friend and I called him out and “cut him off”, but then our friend group forgave him for some reason. I blocked him a few months later. Which is also around the time he broke up with his gf where he admitted he never really liked her and just saw her as a friend. But in our senior year he made a new account and started messaging me asking if he could take me out and I went. Later on while he was talking about wanting to date me in our “talking phase” I reminded him about how he was trying to cheat on his gf. Then I slowly stopped speaking on him.   I being all this up because his ex gf is messaging me now saying I was a homewrecker and the cause of their relationship not working. I’m confused because when they broke up, quarantine happened and I hadn’t even talked to the man in months. She is demanding an apology. Now I don’t know if I should respond? I have one friend saying that I should to clear the air, but another friend saying not to because she believes the gf essentially groomed him because she was 18 and he was 15. In so conflicted.   AITBF and should I say sorry to the ex? I’m 19 now and she is 22.
480	adjudicated	NBH	I (15 F) created a life 360 with my friends a couple years ago and decided to create one with my family including my dads gf at the time. Recently they broke up and moved back to her home state. Personally I was tired of getting her notifications because she was in a different state, so being the owner of the circle I kicked her out. She hasn’t said anything about it yet but I feel kinda guilty. Am I the butt face?
84	adjudicated	EAB	My(38F) friends had made plans to take me out for my birthday weekend and my ex-husband(40M) and ex-boyfriend(37M) were asked to take their respective kids in my absence. out of the two only my ex-husband came to pick up his son(12M) while Ex-boyfriend had other plans, devastated by the change of plans I thought it would be best for my daughter(7F) to go with my ex-husband even though they are not related by blood. Ex-husband took me up on the offer and took my daughter with him and our son, I can see she was afraid of him so I prayed nothing bad would happen to her.  It seems their weekend was a great one because when she returned all she could talk about was how my Ex-husband was fun and the things they did like play video-games, dnd and whatever, she even showed me one of those plastic build it yourself toys she received as a gift. one problem with my daughter is that she can never keep a secret no matter what, her father came to visit this afternoon and she told him about her weekend with my ex-husband, at first he did not care but slowly he became upset, he yelled at me and told me I was wrong to let his daughter go with my ex-husband of all people, he even confiscated the toy she got as a gift and demanded I return it, he made our daughter cry so she told him she wished that my ex-husband was her real dad. one thing lead to another, he threatened me with the police if I ever let another man look after his daughter and now we are here.
0	adjudicated	NTB	My 11 year old son, James, plays football. We have a teammate in the neighborhood and I bring him to practice one of the days because his family needs the help.   John is a little too much. He constantly talks bad about other kids on the team in my car. “Nick can’t catch” or “jerry sucks.” We have told him time and time again we don’t want to hear it. James can’t stand the badmouthing because he considers the majority of the team good friends of his. John does things like steal my son’s drink and take a sip out of it, causing my son not to want to drink from the container anymore. I have to lock my windows because John once opened it up and yelled at someone walking down the road “you’re a monkey.” Oh and when he comes over for his ride he purposely rings the doorbell nonstop until someone answers it, causing the dogs to go crazy.   We have gotten to the point where we just leave for practice when John gets here, even if he’s early because he’s disrespectful inside our home too. The day that I take John to practice is now being converted into a team bonding, pizza party and celebrate their successes from the last game day. It’s not mandatory. The coach does this every season once games start and my son loves to go because they just eat pizza and run around.   This week was the last straw as John was disrespectful to me when getting out of the car when we dropped him off and ignored me when I said bye and then gave James the finger.
88	adjudicated	NTB	I have really bad sensory issues when it comes to certain sounds. One of these is people chewing loudly and the other is people biting their nails. For me it's like nails on a chalkboard and they are just sounds I can't be around.   My girlfriend bites her nails which is something I didn't realise she did often when we first got together but since we weren't living together. We were on a date once and she started biting them and I asked if she could stop and explained how much I hate the sound. She apologised and agreed to not bite her nail around me.   We moved in together 9 months ago and I noticed she was starting to bite them a lot more frequently. I asked her again if she could not do it when I'm around. She ended up getting her nails done regularly which meant she stopped biting them at all for a while. More recently though she's started biting even her nails even with the nail polish and whatever else gets put on them when she gets them done.   She'll do this on an evening when we're together. Last night I asked her again to stop biting them, we were sat watching tv and all I could hear was her biting her nails. She said it shouldn't be a problem but I reminded her of how bad the sound makes me feel. Later on in the night we're talking about something else and she just stops halfway through a sentence to bite her nails.   I ask again if she minds not doing that and a min later she does it again so I walk out of the room. She asks where I'm going and I just say I'm not going to be in the room when she's biting her nails since she knows how the sounds makes me feel. I pointed out she shouldn't be stopping in the middle of conversations to sit and bite her nails.   She said I was being unreasonable and petty but I don't think I am. She knows how the sound makes me feel so I shouldn't have to sit and listen to it. AITB for walking out of the room in the middle of a conversation?
388	adjudicated	NBH	My (28f) sister (30f) recently died. We were really close, and I was devastated after she died. When my husband (29m) found out, he tried to comfort me, but I got really uncomfortable. I hate talking about my feelings, and I'd rather just deal with them alone. My friends and family respect my wishes and don't bring it up.   Well, last night, I cried in the bathroom. My husband heard me and started knocking on the door. I opened it, and he started trying to comfort me. I pushed past him and told him to back off. He looked sad and tried to hug me, but I walked off and went to go sit in my car. I stayed in there for 30 minutes. I then pulled myself together and went back inside to go watch TV. My husband was sitting on the couch. After 1 hour of sitting there, u tried to talk to him, but he just knocked his head. He's been acting weird ever since.   This evening, I ordered food, and we sat down at the dinner table. I tried to have a conversation, but he was still acting weird. Then he just started telling me that he was upset because I acted as if everything was fine and that it felt as if I didn't trust him. I told him that he needed to back off and that everyone grieves differently and that he needed to respect that. He got up and went to bed. It's been a couple of hours, and I'm starting to feel bad. AITB?
478	adjudicated	NTB	    My(22nb) baby's(9monthsm) dad(Jam, 21m) ended our relationship in October. It took me 2 months to be able to move out since I had previously been financially reliant on Jam.      My Baby and I now live in our own apartment, we moved on Dec 9th, and Jam and I have an agreement that says Jam can see our baby at least once a week and I must have a week's notice to ensure that Baby is available on the day Jam wants to see our baby.      Since we moved, Jam has not asked how our baby is and has not asked to see him until last night. I got a text around 8pm asking for our baby for some of Xmas, I had already made full day plans for Baby and I because I hadn't heard from Jam with a week's notice about xmas.       I didn't want to be that butt that refused a man his child though, so I asked what time he wanted our baby. He responded almost an hour later with a time, and I asked if he was factoring in drive time because we live a ways apart now, and then I added a time that would work better for me. He still hasn't responded.       If he doesn't respond by Xmas Eve at the latest, will I be the buttface for not letting him pick up our baby on Xmas?  Edit to clarify: I would love for Jam to be a parent to our baby, before he ended things I spent so much time asking him to spend time with our child, and to parent equally with me. Before my baby and I moved, i asked Jam every day if he wanted to spend time with our baby, and if he had any days off of work that he would like to be alone with our baby. He never spent more then 15 minutes a day with our baby in those 2 months before moving. He preferred to get high and play video games.   He still hasn't responded to my messages about picking up our baby.  
384	adjudicated	YTB	I'm not trying to excuse what I did.  More so trying to understand the severity of it.  Here's the context:  Last year I (m22) met someone (m22) really cool in an online game.  I texted them after and asked if they'd want to play more matches together, so we kept squading up and talking.  For a while we were becoming friends and then eventually we confessed we both had feelings for each other.  We felt so good and comfortable around the other that we asked to be the other's babe.  For the next couple months we talked to each other like we were in a relationship.  I think the difficult part for me was not knowing how serious it was.  There were times with him I felt he was my love, and we shared something so special.  And then I'd think "we don't know each other's first name.  We have never video or phone chatted.  I don't know his voice I barely know how he looks.".  We live in entirely different countries and we would go long periods of time without talking.  I think at one point we went almost a week without talking.  I fully understand people are busy and our lives are very disconnected in real life, it made me sad because I didn't know if we'd work.  I didn't even know what to make of our relationship.  Neither of us told anyone.  The flipside is I did tell him we were boyfriend's.  I committed to that and when we were together we certainly felt and acted the part.  After a couple months he broke it off.  He told me we barely feel apart of each other's life to be considered lovers, and he wants to love someone in person.  It made me super sad because he was the first person I felt such strong feelings for.  Now almost a year later, we've been friends since and we confessed that we both still have feelings for each other.  We want to do it differently this time.  We shared our names, voices, faces more.  We're not making anything official until we can find a good solution to the physical distance, but we're vibing super well together.  The problem is, during our first go around I would sometimes text other guys on apps.  I feel so dumb doing it now seeing how our bond grew.  I think at the time I didn't think of our relationship as real so I'd hit up other guys just to talk and flirt.  I didn't have him in mind at all when I was doing it, sort of something I was used to.  But now with us planning on getting back together, I don't think I can live with this secret.  I'm not sure if he'd be hurt or not, when we broke up he said he had trouble seeing us as a thing too but I don't think he was talking to other guys either.  He was more mature for telling me and being honest.  I feel horrible for doing this when we were together.  I'm not sure how to move on from this.  I feel like I've already ruined my chance with him for doing this :(
272	adjudicated	EAB	There is a Latina in my circle of friends who looks racially ambiguous. In the past, she said she never would date anyone with light skin, light hair, and light eyes because she doesn’t want her kids to look ‘too white.’ Her husband is the same color complexion as her and she was planning to get pregnant. Her mom and her father in law both have light skin, and she said she’s afraid her kid might look white just like them. I just lost it and told her it’s really stupid and racist that she’s afraid her kids are going to look ‘too white.’ She was shocked with what I said and walked away.   Is looking ‘too white’ really the worst thing a kid can be? AITB for telling her it’s really stupid and racist that she’s afraid her kids are going to look ‘too white’?
135	adjudicated	INFO	For context, my father turned 60 last week.  They are throwing him a party today and I am not going due to an argument with him that he started. I am being told by my mother, that I am the butthead when in relaty she was there when it started and knows exactly what happened. Me and my father always fight and argue over how I spend my money. This is not new. But he does not know that this is his party. He got me so mad I said im not going. Am I the butt hole?
373	adjudicated	YTB	sorry if the title’s confusing or whatever  &amp;#x200B;  Anyways, so I have two really close friends at school. Both of them, I started bonding with since 6th grade (now all in 11th).  The context is that my best friend, let’s call him.. N. N didn’t get any christmas presents this year so I told my grandma, and she got him a bunch of colored pencils (i suggested it), and my mom ordered him his favorite flavor of sour patch kids. I gave those to him, plus bought him a $30 DLC for a game. He’s very thankful for all of that, yeah…. But then my other friend, A, also found out he didn’t get anything. So what do they buy him?   &amp;#x200B;  A DnD mimic lego set.  THREE OF HIS FAVORITE THINGS COMBINED.  He looked so pumped when he opened the gift on camera. He immediately started building it and kept thanking A. Meanwhile I just sat there… I feel.. Jealous? Mad? I dont know. But it absolutely sucks and I feel awful for feeling like this. It’s like I’m mad A got N something he loved. Im glad he likes it, but something is telling me that I should be the only one getting him cool stuff. I should be the only friend who makes him happy. I deserve all the positive attention.  &amp;#x200B;  Anyways yeah, so that’s why I’m here now. What the hell is wrong with me? AITBF?
401	adjudicated	NTB	I (15m) have a guy (15m) in a few of my classes that is just… him. I would do anything for him and it hurts because he’ll never understand. I recently got a new sweater and I like to pretend it’s his. I don’t know why but it makes me so happy. I told my closest friend about it and she told me it’s creepy af and I need help. I’m scared she may tell someone because the community I’m in including my parents will stone me for having the idea of guys being a possible partner including the guy I like. I can’t stop thinking about him and it hurts but so does the thought of my friend possibly telling someone. Aitbf for pretending one of my sweaters is from a guy I like?  Update: my now ex-bestfriend told the guy about the sweater and today during lunch he pulled me aside and told me the she texted him. He ended up giving me one of his hoodies and kissing me on the cheek before telling me he has the same feelings for me and we are now going on a date this Wednesday. Thank you the to the few that commented or even just read this.
120	adjudicated	INFO	I've been kicking around a memory from a few years ago. I was playing Scrabble with a friend group and I played the word rape. It was the only word I had at the time, so I played it.   One guy said, "seriously dude?" Another guy laughed. And then one girl who I didn't know said, "Yeah no." and took it off the board and told me that counted as my turn.    I tried to argue, but everyone told me I was an asshole (even the guy who laughed). Is this really that bad?
436	adjudicated	EAB	So I 29F, got engaged 2 months ago. My family is incredibly excited and planned a beautiful party to celebrate our engagement with my extended family. Some background on my family; I’m adopted (at birth) and connected with my birth family at 25. I asked my mother if she’d be comfortable inviting my birth mother and birth sisters and she happily obliged. However my SIL seemed less then thrilled, despite her literally not being involved in the party besides being a guest. For the weeks leading up to the party she kept making comments about how they shouldn’t of been invited as they’re not family. I ignored these comments until the day of the party when she crossed the line.  When my birth family arrived my SIL completely ignored them, instead choosing to go from table to table and whisper loudly how terrible I am for inviting my birth family when my “real family” (her words) had planned the party. Again I chose to suck it up and ignore her rudeness and gossip. That was until she approached my birth mother and started ranting at her, telling her she’s a terrible person for putting me up for adoption and having the audacity to try and have a relationship with me. She then turned her anger on my incredibly pregnant birth sister and asked her if she was planning on “abandoning her baby as well.”  Now this is where I think I might be the asshole. Some context, my brother (35M) got in trouble with the law a few years ago. It was pretty bad and he almost went to prison. He still has to follow a set of strict rules, such as not being within a certain amount of feet of a school. He also will never be able to adopt or foster children.  So in a fit of extreme anger I marched up to my SIL and loudly told her she shouldn’t be talking asked her if she was so against adoption because she’ll never be able to do it since her husband is a predator. She dramatically burst into tears and left. My brother has been texting me since saying I embarrassed the both of them. My mother is completely supportive of me and believes I was right to strike back. My birth mother and sisters now all feel guilty for causing an issue. Was I in the wrong?
1	adjudicated	NTB	My(24M) Ex(24F) and were dating for four years and recently we broke things off permanently. you see four times for the last 2 years my ex would always block me for a minor issue and say she is dumping me without giving me a chance to speak only to come back 2 weeks later regretting her decision and claiming she missed me.  about 6 weeks ago my Ex blocked me all because I tried to make her happy because she was depressed and wont tell me why but my efforts were qucikly undermined she said I was too childish for her and poof blocked me on everything, 2 weeks passed and I thought it was actually the end of my relationship with her I wanted to go visit her but I know that would cause a bigger Issue so i just accepted things and moved on until I got a random text from one of her friends informing me that my ex found someone else. at first I thought the text was just to add salt to injury but they showed me pictures of my ex going on a date with her rich friend, I made a joke how the relationship won't last because my ex thinks relantionships are one way streets, she wants to stay pure until marriage and expects men to just give her what she wants, the friend laughed and told me the rich friend cheated on her already multiple times and warned me my ex would come back to me crying when he "spills the beans".  and wouldnt you know it my ex suddenly unblocked me acting like nothing happend she told me it was my fault she blocked me and I should be the one to fix our relationship, I showed her the pictures of her and her now former lover and she tries to explain our relationship was on hold at that point so she did nothing wrong, and knowing my dumbass I almost believed her but at that point i told myself she is not worth it and dumped her, she cried and said I am a monster for leaving her alone, I told her she has many friends while the only one I had betrayed me.  AITB?  &amp;#x200B;
394	adjudicated	NTB	I am a biological female, but am naturally very masculine looking, to the point where I've been mistaken for being a trans woman or even a gay man on multiple occasions in the past.  I also have a friend that's conventionally very  feminine-looking and attractive. She's a strong supporter of "just embracing natural beauty". Last time I tried that, some drunkard wanted to beat me up for being a "crossdressing f*ggot".  Despite that, the friend would sometimes try to make comments about how fussy I am when I try to find clothes for myself, how long it takes me to put on makeup before we go out, or how much time I spend at the gym trying to grow my glutes. She was never forced to do any of these things to be pretty, doesn't understand that not everyone can be as effortlessly beautiful as she is, and she's otherwise a good person, so I always ignored these jabs. Just like a person from a rich family will not understand what it's like to struggle to make rent, a naturally attractive person will have a hard time relating to less visually blessed folks when it comes to looks-related topics.  Yesterday, my friend found out that one of our mutual acquaintances had gotten a BBL abroad. She was quite shocked, and could not believe that the acquaintance would go under the knife for such a dangerous procedure. She mentioned that our acquaintance should have just "went to the gym or gotten over her insecurity, and embraced her natural curves like she (my friend) does", to which I replied that it's easy to embrace your natural looks if they are conventionally deemed as attractive, and that I understood our acquaintance, since I went through a breast augmentation myself.  Upon hearing that, my friend was shocked. She told me that I should have accepted myself, and that it was very shallow of me to get the procedure. That she was sure I wasn't as flat-chested as I claim to have been, since "no woman has absolutely zero breasts, or any other curves", that I was body dysmorphic, and should have gotten therapy back then, instead of surgery. I told her that prior to that surgery, people would stare at and accidentally misgender me on a regular basis (not that they were to blame for it, I really looked like a man dressed up as a woman or a non-binary person), and getting the boob job really helped with that.  She then told me that if she had my body, she would just love it the way it is and not care what others think of it, to which I reminded her how she freaked out when she gained 10 pounds a few months ago (it all went to her butt and thighs, and was barely noticeable), and crash dieted until she got rid of the extra weight. I then said that if she had my natural body for even a week, she not only would get a breast augmentation, but also a BBL, rib removal surgery, shoulder narrowing surgery, pelvic plasty, facial feminisation, and God knows what other procedures that exist and make you look more "womanly".  This obviously upset her, and she promptly left my place. I now feel as if I overreacted, and was too mean to her. Is that the case? Am I the Buttface?
147	adjudicated	NTB	I live with my girlfriend and this weekend we had no plans together. My girlfriend is working Saturday and then seeing a friend on the evening. For tonight (Friday) we didn't have anything planned and would just likely find something to watch on tv or play a game on the nintendo switch and have a couple of drinks.   My best friend who lives in a town nearby messaged asking if I wanted to go out tonight. When I go out with that friend, if we go out where he lives I have to stay over his. I agreed and told my girlfriend what I had planned. She asked if I was going to his and I said yeah. She said she didn't want me to go since we won't be seeing each other much over the weekend she wanted to have a night in together tonight.   I pointed out we'd still have sunday together and that me seeing my friend isn't different to her seeing her friend tomorrow. She said she doesn't want me staying out and thinks I should cancel. I refuse since I haven't seen my friend in a while and remind her that we have plans together on Sunday.  She again says she wanted a night in with me tonight and that it's not fair for me to decide last minute to be going out with friends. I ask her what's wrong with me accepting plans and she just repeats that I should be spending the night with her.   AITB for accepting last minute plans?
332	adjudicated	NTB	 This goes a lot deeper so I've tried to summarise.  There are 5 siblings ages 44M, 38F, 35M, 27F and 24F. 44M has a different dad. 38F and 35M share a dad. 27F and 24F share a dad. My mum got remarried last august to her ex husband, the father of 38F and 35M. He's well off, our dad is not and will probably leave us nothing as he doesn't own property and has a young daughter to think about.  Our mum and her husband recently arranged their will's so 24F, 27F and 44M would get her small 2 bed house and the others would get his more expensive bungalow. My mum had asked me what I thought of this and I said it seemed fair but I wouldn't mind if we were all on her two bed because I didn't think our siblings would kick us out me (24) and my sister (27) live there.  Our older sister 38F was mad that I was asked even in passing about it because it's her dad but my mum was asking from her perspective. Every time she's tried to discuss it with my sister she's said she doesn't want to talk about it because it's dark.  38F found out and was furious saying that they should be on my mum's house too. Which would mean that they get around £80,000 each and 27 and 24F (me) get £24,000. She called me evil for working out the money but I only did it to see if that's why she was mad because I thought it seemed fair. She says that she's fee' unloved if my mum's house wasn't split betwee 5 siblings and it's not about money. Am I the Asshole? Add a comment
484	adjudicated	NTB	As the title states, I gave my 18 year old cousin (K) and their fiancé (J) $20 for Christmas. I thought it was a nice gesture since they both want to go to college and get a place in a city 45 minutes from where they live right now. When they opened the card, I saw smiles on their faces so I knew I did a good job but K’s mom told me to keep my money and save it towards my college. My family is already pretty wealthy so $20 towards college won’t make a huge impact or any impact. When I was on my way home, my phone was blowing up with notifications from my grandma, aunts, and uncles saying that I did it because I know they need a little pick me up which IS the reason I did it but I’m not gonna tell them that straight to their faces. They said that I was being a butt but my mom, dad, stepdad and I all agree that I was just doing a nice gesture. AITBH?  (I secretly gave the $20 back to them)     UPDATE: They both decided not to go to college but they’re both getting an apartment. The rent is expensive but the $20 sort of helps!
103	adjudicated	EAB	Me 18NB  Mom 43F  Dad 42M  &amp;#x200B;  Today, I went to eat before work. I'd gotten myself some food a a bit ago and was craving it. I checked the entire fridge and it was gone.  Now, I was ticked, because that food had cost 10 US$, and I had only eaten a bit. I asked if anyone knew where it was, but no one knew. I looked again before saying "Screw it, I'll starve." and going downstairs to my room to cool off. I was watching some YT, trying to distract myself when my mom came in.  She asked if I was ok, which I responded with "Not really, sorta pissed about this". she gave me a hug and said she was sorry. I was still a bit upset and asked her to leave me alone, to which she said no, so I left.  I went upstairs again to try and find something to eat, but I gave up, so I closed the fridge and went to head back downstairs. My mom come up and said "If you had let me finish, you would have heard me say 'If you had labeled it, maybe someone wouldn't have eaten it" Of course, I was LIVID because why should I have to label my food? I was always under the impression that with any food in the house, we shouldn't eat it if it wasn't ours, and if we wanted to, we asked. I didn't say anything and stormed off, because I was still pissed.  I went back downstairs, ranting to myself as I went before watching more YT. My mom followed. I knew I was still in a bad mood and I really didn't want to fight.  Me: "Leave me alone"  Mom: "No"  Me: "I am not in the mood for this right now, just leave me alone."  Mom: "I am not going to leave."  Me: "Whats so hard about leaving me alone!? Just get out of my room!"  Mom: "Thats whats so hard about it! This isn't your room! It's my house"  Now this is when I snapped.  "Fine. If its your house, then Im packing."  And I did just that. She finally left, scolding me. I responded with "Im fucking tired of this shit"  Then my dad entered. He said I was 18 and could do what I wanted, but if I moved out, I would have to pay rent if I came back. In my irrational state, I took this as him saying "I respect the fact you're leaving, but if you want to stay, you pay rent."  So I kept packing up until I had to work. About an hour into my shift, I had a meltdown and was sent home. I was a manic mess.  My mom asked me if I was ok, to which I said 'no, im homeless. She said something else that I snapped at her for before my dad walked in and sent her away.  My manager had called to see if I was ok, and he was worried, too. He explained to me that I could stay without paying rent, and apologized if anything he said came across as him kicking me out. He kept saying I should take my meds again because this was an extreme response to missing food. I agreed that this would be an extremee response to it if it were just that. I explained that this was because Mom was implying that I don't get privacy because this was her house. He agreed with her, but only slightly. He explained she was worried I would &gt;!kms!&lt;.  I can't help but feel like I'm the AH.  Am I?
396	adjudicated	YTB	30m, wife is 29f. We’ve been married for 4 years and overall we have a great relationship but there’s always been one  rocky element, it’s our sex life.  We’ve had discussions over the years, at least 20 times we sat down to try and figure this out. Every time it’s felt like we finally have things figured out, but we don’t  The first talks we had were about the frequency of sex. What was 1-3 times a week went down to 3-4 times a month. I’m very high libido so this was hard for me, and she’s low libido and has some childhood trauma so this is also hard for her which I understand. We discussed how to better meet each others needs and determined that I need to do more to get her in the mood. Take her out, rub her back, talk with her, etc. I obliged.   This worked for a while. We had more sex, she’s was more in the mood. But it slowed down again. I’d dedicate a full day to her. Spend the whole morning with her dinner date, massage, just a to be turned down every time.  One thing that bothered me was I’d ask her multiple times “how are you feeling about sex later” and get an enthusiastic response. Multiple times. She rarely told me no when I asked if she wanted to have sex, but when the time comes she makes up an excuse or she purposely falls asleep to avoid it. We’ve talked about this multiple times and I’ve told her it makes me feel awful that she can’t just tell me “no I’m not feeling it tonight”. She always leads me on to the last  minute and then has an excuse. There’s even been times where I say “hey I’ll rub your back for 30 minutes and then we could have sex if you’d like?” And she’ll be all for it until the moment I’m done rubbing her back.  I never liked this, it feels transactional, I’d even say that I hate it. BUT this is how’s she’s told me sex is best for her and I’ve obliged.  One of the last efforts I had was to try and get her to initiate more. We’ve had sex hundreds of times and she’s maybe initiated 2 times. Even when she does her way of initiating sex is by signaling me to touch her, it’s never ever been about me. I asked her to try to do that more as it’d go so far to help me feel more wanted but it’s never happened.  Over the past 2 years our sex life has dwindled more. What was 1-4 times a month is now Maybe 6-10 times a year. I’ve tried many ways to cope with this and one that’s helped is completely disassociating our relationship from sex. It takes me about 2-3 weeks but after that I feel great about it but every time we have sex it’s almost like it resets and I’m miserable for another month. I wont want to have sex for a month but then one day at 3am she’ll wake me up for sex and then the next several week I’ll feel miserable again.  It happened again yesterday. Hadn’t had sex since before thanksgiving. Then at 3 am she wakes me up wanting sex when I’m not even in the mood.  But I know it’ll be at least month or longer before it happens again. I hate it and I’d rather just not.  I’ve been thinking for a while of speaking to her about no more sex. Am I wrong for that?
142	adjudicated	NTB	I am someone with severe akathisia (a form of neurotoxicity), and cPTSD.   I have a husband that constantly triggers me. He gets on my case constantly for having selective mutism. If I talk, he says if I can talk now, I can talk when I have the mutism. I am always in “freeze” mode. I can not stand being touched, but he constantly has to grab or hug me. I curl up in a ball grunting and he says to get over it. I also am extremely sensitive to light. Every morning first thing he opens the blinds and tells me to deal with it and that my eyes will adjust.   Am I over dramatic? This is severely affecting me 
115	adjudicated	NTB	I (20f) tried a dating app for the first time a few weeks ago.   I was talking to a guy, A (22m), for around a week. We talked in the dating app chat for a bit and he seemed nice. We had some interests in common. We then moved to Instagram. He asked me out a week ago and I said yes. He ended up cancelling because he was sick. Here on Instagram I saw his profile and posts and there were some red flags for me.  Around the same time I talked with another guy and we went out. We really connected and have been going out and texting a lot since. For this exact reason I realised it was best to tell A I'm not pursuing a romantic relationship with him because he kept asking me out and seemed interested.   I did this because I really thought he is nice and didn't want him to be disappointed. I said we could still go out as friends in the nicest way I could.   To my surprise after I texted him, A seemed very pissed off. He said we didn't know each other well enough for me to decide this and that I made him "uncomfortable". I didn't know what to say so I didn't answer right away. He then said it's best if we don't go out at all.  I then said I was sorry he thought like this, but that I didn't owe him a relationship. He was pissed and said he "judges" my decision and doesn't like people with this "mentality", that judge people by superficial things.   I said I didn't judge him on superficial things, but that I could see I just wanted to be friends. He then said he liked to talk to me and hopes I find "what I want, bye".   This is when I really think I might have been on the wrong. I was kinda of annoyed by his words and said "I also liked to talk to you, good luck finding a girlfriend ;)". Because obviously that's what he wanted. He then said he wasn't looking for one and said he was happy I liked the conversation.   I showed my sister the texts but she thinks I didn't even need to say everything I did.  
29	adjudicated	NTB	I (M15) has figured out from a younger age that I was attracted to guys. In middle school was when I truly found out that I was attracted to guys and I've never felt differently since.   My sister (F18) has always disliked the LGBTQ community, even though having a few gay guy friends (probably for the appearance to not seem homophobic), she has always expressed her homophobia to me multiple times in a week, or in a day. A couple of years ago, I had told a friend I was Bisexual (I was still trying to figure out my identity) And that friend has told my sister, and which then she told our parents (Who are also homophobic.) I was luckily able to hide that information from them by telling them I thought being Bi meant Bilingual, and they luckily believed it. Another situation has happened like this before previously as well, at the beginning of the school year. Her ex-boyfriend had somehow found out through some people in my grade (Sorry for bad details I'm trying to get to the main point quickly) that I was gay and decided to text my sister about it, which then made her believe it was true. Though after fighting, I was able to gain her trust back and tell her it was just her ex-boyfriend making rumors and stuff like that to make her mad.     Alright, fast forward to this evening. I was doing my homework and took a break from it and decided to say hey to my sister, but she just told me to leave her room in a very angry tone. I didn't think much of it so I went to go grab my phone to look on it. (I usually keep my phone charging in a diff room while I do my homework so I don't distract myself.) And I found that I got a text message from my sister. There it was my sister took a screenshot of my Instagram chats with a friend of mine about me saying some random stuff about me being gay and me liking guys, and she sent it to herself and started texting me things like: "How could you do this to me, I loved you I can't believe your like this, your not invited to my graduation party, don't speak with me until you've changed yourself" and things like that. The first thing I thought is why would she go through my phone since I don't go through hers, and then the second thing I thought is what should I tell her. Its currently night time and she's been to bed and I'm typing not knowing that to do. I'd seriously like advice on what I would like to do.     Note: I'm Indian, and in Indian culture being a gay guy is not allowed.  EDIT!! I do live in the US!